grants receivable, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to the relatively short term maturity. Other accounts noted on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position such as inventories, prepaid expenses, deposits, capital assets, deferred revenues, sick leave benefits, employee future benefits and deferred contributions are not financial instruments. 8 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2011 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (c) Financial instruments: (continued) As allowed under Section 3855 “Financial Instruments – Recognition and Measurement”, the College has elected not to account for non-financial contracts as derivatives, and not to account for embedded derivatives in non-financial contracts, leases and insurance contracts as embedded derivatives. The College has elected to follow the disclosure requirements of Section 3861 “Financial Instruments – Disclosure and Presentation” of the CICA Handbook. Credit, interest and market risk The College is subject to credit risk with respect to its accounts receivable. The College mitigates credit risk by evaluating the collectability of its student accounts and, in addition, the College does not have large concentrations of credit risk due to the large number of students and diverse nature of its accounts receivable. The College is subject to market and interest rate risks with respect to its short-term and long- term investments. The College mitigates these risks through adherence to its investment policies. (d) Inventories: Inventories other than books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined on the first-in first-out basis. Books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined using the retail inventory method, which approximates average cost. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price less the estimated cost to make the sale. The inventories recognized as expense during the year were $ 7,724,581 (2010 - $7,927,409). There were no write downs of inventory to net realizable value or reversals of previous write downs to net realizable value during the year. (e) Investments: Short and long-term investments are designated as held for trading and are measured at fair value. Purchases of investments are recorded on the settlement date. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred. 9 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2011 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (f) Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which have been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements