Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2011 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (f) Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which have been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements 40 years Buildings under capital lease 49 years Leasehold improvements (GBSP) 20 years Equipment 5 years Automotive equipment 5 years Computer equipment 3 years (iii) Assets under capital leases The College leases a building on terms which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the College. This lease has been accounted for as a “capital lease” as though an asset had been purchased and a liability incurred. (g) Employee future benefits: The College recognizes employee future benefits (health, dental, life insurance, sick leave and other retirement obligations) as they are earned during the employee’s tenure of service using the projected benefit method based on management’s best estimate of assumptions. (h) Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenditures during the year. The most significant items subject to management estimation are the allowance for doubtful accounts and accruals for sick leave benefits, employee future benefits and other employment related accruals. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 10 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2011 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (I) Future accounting changes: In December 2010, the Public Sector Accounting Board changed the accounting framework required to be followed by Government Not-for-Profit Organizations. Effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2012, Government Not-for-Profit Organizations will be required to select from either (a) the CICA Public Sector Accounting Handbook, including Sections PS 4200 to PS 4270 or, alternatively, (b) the CICA Public Sector Accounting Handbook without Sections PS 4200 to PS 4270. Early adoption of these new standards is permitted. The College will adopt a new accounting framework for its fiscal year beginning on April 1, 2012. The College has not determined which option it will select, or the impact of transitioning to a new accounting framework at this time. 2. GBSP Centre Corp: Pursuant to a Joint Venture Agreement dated February 12, 2004, the College has a 50% interest in GBSP Centre Corp., a joint venture corporation providing facilities for performances as well as for education and instruction