Foundation exists to support our students financially throughout their college journey. Approximately half of our student body needs financial support. The college is beyond capacity. Toronto’s employers need skilled workers in key areas. The need is great. To support the college’s $250 million expansion vision, the Foundation has been cultivating private donors as the first step in an ambitious, multi-year expansion campaign. Early results are positive. Our supporters see the value of a George Brown education and the ripple effect it has on our communities and our city. Last year we were fortunate to receive several generous donations towards the campaign from our friends and corporate partners. Supporting a George Brown student creates positive, tangible Graeme Page, President Doug Turnbull, Chair change in our society. A student becomes a workplace-ready George Brown College George Brown College graduate. An employer fills a critical need. A family moves up Foundation Foundation the socio-economic ladder. An individual develops confidence, skills and knowledge that will last a lifetime. That’s what we work towards each and every day. That’s the George Brown effect. INTRODUCING NEW SUPPORTERS Paul and Gerri Charette Paul Charette knows firsthand the powerful effect a donation can have on a future “ I feel very strongly that career. When Paul received a $200 bursary as a young man in Winnipeg, he decided we all need to give back to put it towards a college education, a decision that set him on a successful path and gave him the education he needed to become an accomplished businessman. Paul to society and provide worked his way up the ladder at Bird Construction, starting as project coordinator in similar opportunities for 1976 and retiring as president and CEO in 1998. In 2001 he became Chair of the Board. our young adults who may Paul credits the generosity of others for allowing him to obtain his education and not otherwise be able to believes that investing in a student can make a real change in someone’s life. He and his wife Gerri are two of the newest friends of the George Brown College Foundation further their education.” and their contribution of $100,000 to an endowment fund will help countless students for years to come. 28 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 29 73% GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK Francis Atta of prospective students Child and Youth Worker, 2012 feel that graduating from college will have This year, Ghana-born Francis a significant positive Atta became the youngest impact on their lives person to win a Top 25 Canadian Immigrants award. After a knee injury sidelined his dreams 63% of playing post-secondary basketball, Francis became involved with the wrong crowd in his Jane and Finch neighbourhood. Determined to turn his of prospective students life around, he committed to making a positive impact and went on to win a anticipate requiring George Brown bursary. His education financial aid gave him the skills he needed to help other young people who struggle to Non-Direct Prospects Report, May 2012 find their way. Francis is now a child and youth worker at Covenant House as