the future Helping people and developing communities has been a thread grounded in the principles of access, diversity, mutual sustainability of the college, academically and fiscally. that has run through her professional and volunteer roles. Among respect and accountability. her many contributions to the non-profit sector, Ms Horsfall Eaton Diversity and Respect chaired the Advisory Board on the Voluntary Sector for the Premier’s Office in Ontario and is Honorary Colonel 32 Signal Regiment, We show mutual respect for each other within the Member of National Honorary Colonels Executive Council. She was community of George Brown including all of our also the founding executive director of the Trillium Foundation and stakeholders, in all of our behaviour. has been awarded with the Outstanding Volunteer Award and the Canadian Forces Decoration. “George Brown is, and will always be, a college that is pre-eminently practical. The college has always answered the questions: How do things work? How should they be done? But most importantly, it has also asked the more challenging questions: How can it be done better? How can it be done smarter? And how can we work together to achieve our goals?” Sally Horsfall Eaton 10 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 11 George Brown College’s new Waterfront Campus 84% of Toronto employers say that the revitalization of the city’s Waterfront area is an issue that needs to be addressed in order to improve Toronto over the next 10 years. Toronto Next Research Report, 2010 Photographer: Maris Mezulis EDUCATING THE NEXT GENERATION “Baycrest is delighted with the special partnership that has developed with George Brown College. We are happy to provide onsite rotations for students OF INDUSTRY LEADERS from several new disciplines. Advancing inter-professional education and care is critically important for both organizations and our partnership is helping to enhance this training with a special focus on care of older adults.” David Conn, Vice President of Education and Director of the Centre for Education and Knowledge Exchange in Aging at Baycrest Addressing Canada’s innovation and productivity deficit Canada’s innovation deficit is well documented. While there have PARTNER AND GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK been numerous studies and prescriptions for stimulating it, the most common recommendation is the need for industry to increase investment in Research and Development. Canada is near the top Research Partner: Infonaut “The teachers and curriculum of the OECD for public sector R&D funding, but near the bottom for private sector R&D. This imbalance is a key reason Canada lags Product: provided the experiences and in experiencing the financial impacts of knowledge acquisition, ‘Hospital Watch Live’ disease surveillance solution simply because that knowledge has not been applied to the fullest. knowledge to prepare me for the When SARS broke out in Toronto in 2003, Infonaut Employers rank George Brown College students higher than all partners Niall Wallace (CEO) and Matt McPherson (COO) demands of industry. The program GTA college students in many of the soft skills that feed innovation thought that there must be a way to help public health featured techniques and practices including teamwork, productivity, communication and customer and hospitals