embedded derivatives. The College has elected to follow the disclosure requirements of Section 3861 “Financial Instruments – Disclosure and Presentation” of the CICA Handbook. Credit, Interest and Market Risk The College is subject to credit risk with respect to its accounts receivable. The College mitigates credit risk by evaluating the collectability of its student accounts and, in addition, the College does not have large concentrations of credit risk due to the large number of students and diverse nature of its accounts receivable. The College is subject to market and interest rate risks with respect to its short-term and long- term investments. The College mitigates these risks through adherence to its investment policies. (d) Inventories: Inventories other than books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined on the first-in first-out basis. Books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined using the retail inventory method, which approximates average cost. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price less the estimated cost to make the sale. The inventories recognized as expense during the year were $7,051,773 (2011 - $7,724,581). There were no write downs of inventory to net realizable value or reversals of previous write downs to net realizable value during the year. (e) Investments: Short and long-term investments are designated as held for trading and are measured at fair value. Purchases of investments are recorded on the settlement date. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred. 8 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2012 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (f) Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which have been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements 40 years Buildings under capital lease 49 years Leasehold improvements (GBSP) 20 years Equipment 5 years Automotive equipment 5 years Computer equipment 3 years (iii) Assets under capital leases The College leases a building on terms which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the College. This lease has been accounted for as a “capital lease” as though an asset had been purchased and a liability incurred. (g) Employee future benefits: The College recognizes employee future benefits (health, dental, life insurance, sick leave and other retirement obligations) as they are earned during the employee’s tenure of service using the projected benefit method based on management’s best estimate of assumptions. (h) Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements requires