with each other and collaborate with faculty, as well as provide remote access to course materials. The goal is to offer education that is accessible and available, whenever our students need it. What George Brown 89% 87% 89% students have to say: I am motivated to I enjoy taking my I am satisfied with my From Student Engagement Survey succeed at George program at George teachers’ knowledge Brown College. Brown College. of subjects. 16 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 17 GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK Rui Oliveira Pre-Community Services, 2012 Valedictorian, Centre for Preparatory & Liberal Studies and Community Services & Early Childhood Rui Oliveira moved to Canada in his early 20s with $80 in his pocket, basic English skills and the dream of someday finishing his education. When he was forced to take time off due to a work-related accident, he felt lost and unsure of his future. But then Rui walked into George Brown College and his new journey began. “The very first day I walked in to do my college upgrading, I saw myself as an adult with limited skills who had never completed high school,” he says. “When I walked out that day, I was a mature student full of hope and the realization that I indeed had many skills. Today, I am a proud college graduate with a future ahead of me.” Rui was honoured to be chosen to give the valedictory speech at the graduation ceremonies for the Centres for Preparatory & Liberal Studies and Community Services & Early Childhood. “It is the personal journey of each one of us in the pursuit of education that makes graduation a special and memorable day in our lives. For all of us, this graduation is the culmination of hard work. For some, it is a huge step towards a bigger goal. For me, this graduation is a dream come true. A dream that not so long ago I was ready to give up, until I walked into George Brown College and realized it was still possible.” ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 19 HELPING STUDENTS IMPROVE “The Dental Implantology THEIR LIVES, AT ANY STAGE Award I received means the world to me. School is expensive and every dollar helps lessen the burden. Thank you!” Financial aid The hardest part of making a change in your life is not the decision itself but pushing Top 5 barriers to Michelle Gimena, Denturism, 2012 through the barriers that stand in your way. More than half of George Brown students attending college for require financial aid in order to start or complete their education, and the Ontario Student Assistance Program cannot cover them all. prospective students: For mature students, the decision to attend or return to college can be even more difficult because they may have to give up a steady income – which could be the only Cost of a college source of income supporting their family. For others, it takes tremendous courage education to break free from the effects of poverty or personal tragedy. The Student Award Program, funded by the George Brown