more than ever we are relying on the support of donors – individuals and organizations who support our vision and mission. Colleges have traditionally received dramatically less public funding than universities, but in our current climate of government austerity, post-secondary education funding across the system has become essentially flat. This comes at a time when investment in learning to enable career opportunity is as critical to individual success as it is to our society. The George Brown College Foundation is leading a campaign that will meet student and employer demand and foster a renewed mobilization and financial commitment from Toronto’s donor community. Meanwhile, college leaders will continue to focus on evolving according to the six key pillars laid out in our Strategy 2020 planning last year: > Prepare diverse learners for success > Build a sustainable business model > Invest in high-performing partnerships > Leverage state-of-the-art technology > Enable the innovation economy > Build a high-performing organization We’re proud of the progress we’ve made against our plan so far, but are anxious to carry on the work that’s already in motion. Our new Waterfront Campus welcomes its first students in September and construction on many new facilities at our St. James Campus expansion is underway. We will expand to two new locations on King Street East this year and plans for our first residence in the Pan Am Games athletes’ village are in place. As we look back at the successes of the past year, we do so with the recognition that there are still many changes – known and unknown – in our future. And we look forward to seeing the continued success of our students and graduates at work. We can’t wait to see what happens next. Anne Sado, President Chris Griffin, Chair, Board of Governors *Non-Direct Prospects Report, May 2012 ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 1 SERVING THE CITY AND ITS EMPLOYERS Our students are our focus. They are as diverse as our city. They hit the ground “So much of our training in life teaches running, touch your life and keep it moving. They are the heart of Toronto’s us to look out for our own personal workforce and the reason why it’s important to contribute to education to and corporate interests and I think make Toronto stronger. Not someday, but right here and now. it takes extraordinary leadership to The shape of the workforce will evolve dramatically over the next 10 years, break out of that way of thinking. which means that Toronto’s employers need our graduates more than ever. As It’s this instinct that George Brown the demand for workplace-ready employees grows, the college, too, must grow College has – not to lose sight of – a challenge during a time of fiscal restraint. George Brown is full to capacity – students are coming to us in numbers we simply can’t accommodate. Meanwhile, their interests but to engage others employers are struggling to find the right skilled workers to fill roles that either in projects that actually serve a didn’t exist five years ago or are being vacated