SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 The truth is that there are two kinds of people. Those who think about doing things and those who get things done. George Brown College exists for this second kind of person; those who know what they want. They’re people who want to make a difference in tangible ways. People who want to experience real achievement. And they know that George Brown will make it happen for them. Once they’ve been to George Brown they know they can do it, not only because they have seen the possibilities but because they have been given the means to achieve them. TORONTO EVOLVES EVERY DAY Eager newcomers arrive in our city with big ideas and the ambition to achieve them. The young and optimistic take their first step toward articulating their dreams. Survivors of the worst realize they deserve the best. They all share a common goal: to improve their lives and make an impact through their work. What do they need to realize that goal? A college education. Of the students who intend to apply to college or university in 2012, 42% would choose George Brown College, more than any other GTA college.* Once they arrive, our purpose is to prepare them for the jobs they want, and also for the jobs that are in demand. Employers understand that hiring a George Brown graduate means getting the expertise they need – because they work with us to ensure we make it happen. This critical role developing the essential soft and hard skills for employment has earned us a central place in Toronto’s economy. We are committed to staying current with employment demands as the city’s population continues to grow. We’ve spent the past year much like our students have, with our heads down, hard at work delivering on our priorities. Our core objective is to put the needs of current and future students first, get them to their goal and in the process, bolster the city’s labour base with in-demand employees. To this end, we have emphasized growth in areas where the economy is also expanding. Having expanded our Centres for Hospitality & Culinary Arts in 2009 and Health Sciences in 2012, our focus will now turn to the Centres for Business, Design and Construction & Engineering Technologies. Now more than ever we are relying on the support of donors – individuals and organizations who support our vision and mission. Colleges have traditionally received dramatically less public funding than universities, but in our current climate of government austerity, post-secondary education funding across the system has become essentially flat. This comes at a time when investment in learning to enable career opportunity is as critical to individual success as it is to our society. The George Brown College Foundation is leading a campaign that will meet student and employer demand and foster a renewed mobilization and financial commitment from Toronto’s donor community. Meanwhile, college leaders will continue to focus on evolving according to the six key pillars laid out in our Strategy 2020 planning last year: > Prepare