community. Business graduates are in The George Brown School George Brown College is the The Centre for Hospitality high demand. The Centre for of Design became home to only college in Ontario offering and Culinary Arts is one of the Business’ School of Financial the city’s first Digital Media an American Sign Language- largest hospitality, tourism, and Services offers a four-year and Gaming Incubator, which English Interpreter program culinary schools in Canada. bachelor degree program, will drive further growth of and the only college in Canada Culinary students work in some allowing students to acquire the online gaming industry offering an Intervenor for Deaf- of the top restaurants in Toronto both a depth of theory and in Toronto and provide field Blind Persons program. and Italy as part of the field engage in hands-on learning education opportunities to game placement program. through a co-op placement. design students and space for innovators and creators to share ideas, develop projects and form long-lasting partnerships. 4 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 5 GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK Joel Bradshaw Construction Science and Management, 2010 Prior to becoming a student at George Brown, Joel Bradshaw had already worked as a labourer in various trades from plumbing to renovations, but he envisioned doing more. He chose the Construction Science and Management degree program because it provided him not only with the skills to know how a building is constructed, but also the skills to oversee complex crews of people and deal with any unforeseen issues that might arise. Joel’s third-year field placement was with Bird Construction. Before he even graduated, Bird offered Joel full-time, permanent employment working 30 hours a week while completing his fourth year, the most difficult year of his degree. “You understand why things are done the way they are. The professors are qualified professionals, they’re engineers, they’re tradesmen. They’ve been everywhere and seen everything. All that I’ve learned still holds true to this day.” See more at georgebrown.ca/joel_bradshaw_video/ ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 7 KEEPING CURRICULUM CURRENT Program advisory committees engage industry partners in the academic process, ensuring our students study curriculum that is reflective of industry trends. 3M Health Information Systems Calphalon Culinary Center Deep Foundations Contractors Inc. Forest Hill Place Infonaut McCormick Rankin Corporation Philips Medical System, Canada Salvation Army Meighen Manor Toronto District School Board A Lifetime Contractor Ltd. Canadian Cancer Society Dekay Construction Four Seasons Hotel Intrepid McKesson Information Systems Picco Engineering Sam Morgan Architect Toronto Flight Kitchen Above All Roofs Canadian Healthcare Management Inc. Delight Chocolates Francesca Bakery Invatron MDI Solutions PILLON ARCHITECT INC. Scarborough Hospital Toronto Separate School Board Accel High Rise Construction Canadian Hearing Society Deloitte and Touche Freeman + Freeman Design Inc. ITT Residential & Commercial Water MediSolution Ltd. Porter Airlines Sentillion Inc. Toronto Sun Canada ADG Heating & Air Canadian Network Installations Delta Hotels G Adventures Medshare Praxia Information Intelligence Inc. Sick Kids Foundation Tourism Toronto J. Goulding Consultants Ltd. Adtek Building Consultants Career Foundation Dependable Mechanical Systems Gap Wireless Inc. Memotext Pre-Gel Siemens Tower Scaffolding Inc. Jackson and Associates Inc. Aecon Carillion Canada Inc. Desini