APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2012 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (b) Revenue recognition (continued): Endowment contributions are recognized as direct increases in endowment net assets. Restricted income is recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Unrestricted income is recognized as revenue when earned. Tuition fees are deferred to the extent that the related courses extend beyond the fiscal year of the College. Other operating revenues are deferred to the extent that related services provided, or goods sold, are rendered/delivered subsequent to the end of the College’s fiscal year. (c) Financial instruments: The College has classified each of its financial instruments into the undernoted accounting categories. The category for an item determines its accounting treatment under the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants Standards on the recognition, measurement and presentation of financial instruments. Financial instrument Category Cash Held-for-trading Short term investments Held-for-trading Long term investments Held-for-trading Grants receivable Loans and receivables Accounts receivable Loans and receivables Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other financial liabilities Long term liabilities Other financial liabilities Held-for-trading items are carried at fair value, with changes in their fair value measured in the consolidated statement of operations in the current period. For investments, valuation is based on significant observable inputs or inputs that are derived principally for or corroborated with observable market data through correlation or other means. “Loans and receivables” are carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method, net of any impairment. “Other liabilities” are measured at amortized cost. The carrying value of cash, grants receivable, accounts receivable and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to the relatively short term maturity. Other accounts noted on the consolidated statement of financial position such as inventories, prepaid expenses, deposits, capital assets, deferred revenues, sick leave benefits, employee future benefits and deferred contributions are not financial instruments. 7 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2012 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (c) Financial instruments: (continued) As allowed under Section 3855 “Financial Instruments – Recognition and Measurement”, the College has elected not to account for non-financial contracts as derivatives, and not to account for embedded derivatives in non-financial contracts, leases and insurance contracts as embedded derivatives. The College has elected to follow the disclosure requirements of Section 3861 “Financial Instruments – Disclosure and Presentation” of the CICA Handbook. Credit, Interest and Market Risk The College is subject to credit risk with respect to its accounts receivable. The College mitigates credit risk by evaluating the collectability of its student accounts and, in addition, the College does not have large concentrations of credit risk due to the large number of students and diverse nature of its accounts receivable. The College is subject to market and interest rate risks with respect to its short-term and long- term investments. The College mitigates these risks through adherence to its investment policies. (d) Inventories: Inventories other than books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable