programs to learn together on the job. Northstar Research, GBC Employer Tracking Research, May 2011 2 SUCCESS AT WORK “For TD Waterhouse, the benefits of hiring George Brown students who are Members of the community currently completing their studies are that they are learning how to apply theory Education is just one of the ways George Brown College affects Toronto. and concepts in a work environment as well as prepare themselves to acquire Our St. James and Casa Loma Campuses bring vitality to their neighbourhoods. industry credentials. Our part-time positions are a benefit for students, allowing So much so that when city developers sought to revitalize two new waterfront them to integrate work into their studies and school schedules.” communities they came to us to serve as their anchors. The presence of the college will help establish these communities and help them flourish both Larry Mullen, Senior Manager, Financial Planning Service and Support socially and economically. Our first student residence will be located in the TD Waterhouse Financial Planning West Don Lands community, housing 500 students when it opens in 2016. Our Waterfront location, our third and newest campus, is located in the East Bayfront neighbourhood at the foot of Sherbourne Street and will start welcoming almost 4,000 students and staff in September. Our facilities will offer public access to a broad range of health care services including clinics that will offer lower cost health, dental and wellness services as well as amenities including healthy food services and a bookstore. Programs that feed a need The addition of thousands of people to the new community requires better transit solutions and the college has been a vocal advocate, successfully Ontario will be short 190,000 skilled employees by 2020 and that bringing more service to the area. The Toronto Transit Commission has shortage will quickly escalate to more than 360,000 by 2025 and approved the extension of the bus route along Bay Street and increased its more than 560,000 by 2030.* This year, almost 8,000 newly skilled frequency; plans to increase the frequency of the Sherbourne Street bus and workers graduated from George Brown. extensions of the Parliament Street bus are under review. These changes to transit service will impact not only George Brown staff and students, but the *Ontario’s Workforce Shortage Coalition entire East Bayfront community. Business graduates are in The George Brown School George Brown College is the The Centre for Hospitality high demand. The Centre for of Design became home to only college in Ontario offering and Culinary Arts is one of the Business’ School of Financial the city’s first Digital Media an American Sign Language- largest hospitality, tourism, and Services offers a four-year and Gaming Incubator, which English Interpreter program culinary schools in Canada. bachelor degree program, will drive further growth of and the only college in Canada Culinary students work in some allowing students to acquire the online gaming industry offering an Intervenor for Deaf- of the top restaurants in Toronto both a depth of theory and in Toronto and provide field Blind Persons program. and Italy as part