for Health Sciences, bringing the Schools of program by 250 for a total of more than 1,000 students. for green homes. Renewal of the Casa Loma now be able to provide a firm answer: fall 2016. Dental Health, Nursing, Health and Wellness, and Health Services Campus will allow the Centre for Construction Management together in one facility for the first time. Also relocated to 341 King Street East, the School of Design’s Game Design, & Engineering Technologies (CCET) to expand Our new 175,000 sq. ft. co-ed residence will be built at the Game Development and Advanced Digital Design programs have increased curriculum, strengthening our ability to educate northeast corner of Front Street East and Cherry Street, after The state-of-the-art health sciences education facility will feature from 250 to 400 students. The new space allows for the creation of a and conduct research on green building practices. its initial use as an athletes’ residence during the 2015 Pan Am formal and informal learning spaces, modern labs and equipment, specialized digital sandbox with motion capture and 3D scanners as well The renovations will accommodate 1,400 more and Para Pan Am Games. We will convert one of the residences a simulated practice centre for the School of Nursing and WAVE as an incubator for emerging game industry companies. CCET students, increasing available enrolment to a 500-bed student facility, linked with a new YMCA location (Wellness, Applied Research and Visionary Education) clinics that from 2,500 to 3,900 by 2013-14. complete with a gym, fitness facilities and swimming pool. include: Dental, Hearing, and Health Promotion. Starting this year, the School of Makeup and Esthetics will have a permanent home in a new building at 193 King Street East after outgrowing its space The Casa Loma Campus will soon be home to a in Yorkville. The new facility will allow for increased enrolment as well as green homes incubator where students, faculty the opportunity to create new courses in special effects makeup and and industry leaders can focus on sustainable and spa management. environmental construction. New facilities such as a green learning roof, materials testing labs and wind turbines will allow students the hands-on learning experience they come to expect from George Brown College. 26 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 27 MESSAGE FROM THE FOUNDATION The George Brown College Foundation exists to support our students financially throughout their college journey. Approximately half of our student body needs financial support. The college is beyond capacity. Toronto’s employers need skilled workers in key areas. The need is great. To support the college’s $250 million expansion vision, the Foundation has been cultivating private donors as the first step in an ambitious, multi-year expansion campaign. Early results are positive. Our supporters see the value of a George Brown education and the ripple effect it has on our communities and our city. Last year we were fortunate to receive several generous donations towards the campaign from our friends and corporate partners. Supporting a George Brown student creates positive, tangible Graeme Page, President Doug Turnbull, Chair change in our society. A student becomes