in your life is not the decision itself but pushing Top 5 barriers to Michelle Gimena, Denturism, 2012 through the barriers that stand in your way. More than half of George Brown students attending college for require financial aid in order to start or complete their education, and the Ontario Student Assistance Program cannot cover them all. prospective students: For mature students, the decision to attend or return to college can be even more difficult because they may have to give up a steady income – which could be the only Cost of a college source of income supporting their family. For others, it takes tremendous courage education to break free from the effects of poverty or personal tragedy. The Student Award Program, funded by the George Brown College Foundation through the generosity 38% of its donors, gave 928 students the chance to gain the tools and skills they need to become productive, fulfilled members of the workforce. Balancing school and family 27% Overall time commitment 24% Not enough financial aid available 24% Can’t quit job and/or reduce hours/income 23% Northstar and George Brown College Non-Direct Prospective Student Research, May 2012 20 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 21 STUDENT SUCCESS AT WORK Rachel Preston Sport and Event Marketing (Post-Graduate) While pursuing her undergraduate degree, Rachel Preston took a part-time job organizing sporting events and was immediately hooked. She knew this was exactly what she wanted to do – the only question was how. After graduation, she needed more specific training to fulfill her career aspirations. That’s when she found the post-graduate Sport and Event Marketing program and knew it was a perfect fit. Like many students, Rachel faced an uphill financial battle. Luckily, with assistance from generous donors, Rachel won the prestigious George Brown College Alumni Entrance Scholarship for Student Excellence, a merit-based scholarship that rewards high-performing students with a record of outstanding academic and personal achievements. Now her focus is squarely on studying for a career in the sports marketing industry, making her dream a reality. “George Brown helped me get a great internship in sports marketing, and my scholarship allowed me to focus on work instead of my bank statement. It made a huge difference in my life.” ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 23 ATTRACTING AND RETAINING TOP TALENT Nurturing success We are proud to be recognized for our positive and supportive work environment. One of the tenets of our strategy 2020 is a continued effort to build a high-performing organization at every level by bringing in industry leaders and award-winners. Their experience, combined with the college’s perpetual examination of curriculum across all programs, brings a high level of expertise and hands-on learning to our students. But it’s not enough to attract talent; keeping them engaged, curious and excited to be a part of the team is our number one goal. Benefits such as our significant investment in tuition reimbursement programs, professional development practices and our leadership in diversity and accessibility distinguish us from other GTA colleges. When 83% of George Brown employees say they’re proud to work here and 98%