and curriculum of the OECD for public sector R&D funding, but near the bottom for private sector R&D. This imbalance is a key reason Canada lags Product: provided the experiences and in experiencing the financial impacts of knowledge acquisition, ‘Hospital Watch Live’ disease surveillance solution simply because that knowledge has not been applied to the fullest. knowledge to prepare me for the When SARS broke out in Toronto in 2003, Infonaut Employers rank George Brown College students higher than all partners Niall Wallace (CEO) and Matt McPherson (COO) demands of industry. The program GTA college students in many of the soft skills that feed innovation thought that there must be a way to help public health featured techniques and practices including teamwork, productivity, communication and customer and hospitals control and prevent the spread of infectious service.* We recently received $6.5 million from federal granting diseases through real-time surveillance and vigilance. that I’m now using at my job.” agencies to work with industry on helping businesses see their ideas designed, tested and brought to market. Infonaut collaborated with students from the George Brown Nursing School Simulated Practice Centre and the Timur Sharaftinov *GTA Employer Tracking, Northstar Research, 2010 Mechanical Engineering Design and Information Systems Information Systems Business Analyst, 2012 Business Analyst programs. Together, they developed prototypes, tested working models and approached the Investing in the future of innovation Hired by Infonaut in February to work on the University Health Network (UHN) as a potential partner. development of ‘Hospital Watch Live’ This year, the federal budget stressed the importance of business- In February 2012, Infonaut signed a contract with the led innovation, promising to invest $1.1 billion over the next five UHN to complete final stage commercialization trials, years to directly support R&D, including a $500 million venture where ‘Hospital Watch Live’ is installed and supporting capital fund for business-led research and an additional $37 million research within the multi-organ transplant program of in funding towards industry-academic research partnerships. Toronto General Hospital. As the government moves toward more provincially-regulated environmental initiatives regarding new construction, the college is adapting to accommodate what is guaranteed to be a booming industry. Among our commitments is investment in new facilities and infrastructure focusing on environmental and sustainable building practices at the Casa Loma Campus. New shops and labs will create applied research opportunities within the Centre for Construction & Engineering Technologies. This will help us expand our work with industry partners in the construction and green building sectors. 14 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 15 PROVIDING STUDENTS WITH THE GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK TOOLS THEY NEED TO SUCCEED Keli Schmidt Fashion Techniques and Design, 2006 Keli Schmidt was given a needle and thread when she “The lessons I learned and the was three years old and learned how to make clothes when she was eight. A natural at sewing, Keli chose little tricks that teachers taught George Brown’s Fashion Techniques & Design program for its practical approach, which she felt was important us are still very applicable. for preparing her to get a job in the industry.