hotels, tour operators and spas in order to develop critical Employers for 2011, one of the Best state-of-the-art Young Centre for the Performing Arts, a thinking skills in a bona fide setting. In addition, Rolf has been instrumental in the development satellite location co-owned by George Brown College and of co-apprenticeship programs, which allow students Diversity Employers and one of the Soulpepper Theatre Company. Donna believes each individual has strengths that can shine if enrolled in a two-year college program to do the in- Top 25 Family Friendly Employers. encouraged. She takes it upon herself to serve as a mentor to school training for their apprenticeship concurrently with He encourages his students to move well beyond their comfort ambitious students, while serving as a champion of diversity. their diploma. He has championed applied learning at zones and learn from their mistakes as they prepare for the real the college, and played a key role in acquiring $8 million Canada’s Top Employers 2012, Mediacorp Canada Inc. world of acting through classes that are full of energy, humour in funding from the Ministry of Education to put toward and passion. apprenticeship and co-apprenticeship programs. 24 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 25 Casa Loma Campus - exterior EXPANDING George Brown College is expanding to accommodate more students as workforce WITH THE CITY demands continue to grow. These changes will add more than 500,000 sq.ft. to our campuses in 2012-13 and create approximately 5,000 spaces for students St.James Campus over the next two years. School of Makeup and Esthetics First student residence - exterior Waterfront Campus - interior First student residence to open in 2016 Waterfront Campus St. James Campus Casa Loma Campus Student satisfaction is one area where we’re always focused on The new 380,000 sq. ft. Waterfront Campus, opening in fall 2012, Our St. James Campus is also expanding, adding 100,000 sq. ft. of space at The population of the GTA is expected to grow improvement. For many years, a common question has been: will provide space for up to 4,000 students. It will be the new 341 King Street East for the expansion of the English as a Second Language 22% in the next 25 years, feeding the demand “When will you offer a student residence?” We are excited to home of our Centre for Health Sciences, bringing the Schools of program by 250 for a total of more than 1,000 students. for green homes. Renewal of the Casa Loma now be able to provide a firm answer: fall 2016. Dental Health, Nursing, Health and Wellness, and Health Services Campus will allow the Centre for Construction Management together in one facility for the first time. Also relocated to 341 King Street East, the School of Design’s Game Design, & Engineering Technologies (CCET) to expand Our new 175,000 sq. ft. co-ed residence will be built at the Game Development and Advanced Digital Design programs have increased curriculum, strengthening our ability to educate northeast corner of Front Street East and Cherry Street, after The state-of-the-art health sciences education facility will feature from 250 to