here and now. it takes extraordinary leadership to The shape of the workforce will evolve dramatically over the next 10 years, break out of that way of thinking. which means that Toronto’s employers need our graduates more than ever. As It’s this instinct that George Brown the demand for workplace-ready employees grows, the college, too, must grow College has – not to lose sight of – a challenge during a time of fiscal restraint. George Brown is full to capacity – students are coming to us in numbers we simply can’t accommodate. Meanwhile, their interests but to engage others employers are struggling to find the right skilled workers to fill roles that either in projects that actually serve a didn’t exist five years ago or are being vacated through retirement. higher purpose. That is rare and For the past three years, George Brown College has commissioned research studies I think it needs to be celebrated.” that reveal the attitudes of Toronto employers and what they foresee for the city’s economic future. Why do we do this? If our value to Toronto is to provide it with Tim Jones skilled graduates, then our greatest measure of success is our ability to meet the President & CEO Artscape needs of those employers. The more we understand which attributes and skills Arts and Design partner they seek in their employees, the better prepared our graduates will be. Learning by doing 70% The George Brown College applied approach to learning reflects our belief that one of the best ways to learn how to do a job is to actually do it. Our field education strategy calls for the growth of placement programs and hands-on education opportunities with key industry partners. George Brown graduates are known for having the mix of hard and soft skills employers are looking for, such of employers say as teamwork and oral communication. that relevant work Currently, 69% of our programs have a field education opportunity and our goal experience through for next year is to raise that figure to 75%. By 2020, all George Brown College field/co-op/internships programs will have a field education component. We have increased placements in design and technology programs, expanded international opportunities and is an important skill encouraged more interdisciplinary placements to allow students from different when hiring graduates. programs to learn together on the job. Northstar Research, GBC Employer Tracking Research, May 2011 2 SUCCESS AT WORK “For TD Waterhouse, the benefits of hiring George Brown students who are Members of the community currently completing their studies are that they are learning how to apply theory Education is just one of the ways George Brown College affects Toronto. and concepts in a work environment as well as prepare themselves to acquire Our St. James and Casa Loma Campuses bring vitality to their neighbourhoods. industry credentials. Our part-time positions are a benefit for students, allowing So much so that when city developers sought to revitalize two new waterfront them to integrate work into their studies and school schedules.” communities they came to us to serve as their