applied research opportunities within the Centre for Construction & Engineering Technologies. This will help us expand our work with industry partners in the construction and green building sectors. 14 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 15 PROVIDING STUDENTS WITH THE GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK TOOLS THEY NEED TO SUCCEED Keli Schmidt Fashion Techniques and Design, 2006 Keli Schmidt was given a needle and thread when she “The lessons I learned and the was three years old and learned how to make clothes when she was eight. A natural at sewing, Keli chose little tricks that teachers taught George Brown’s Fashion Techniques & Design program for its practical approach, which she felt was important us are still very applicable. for preparing her to get a job in the industry. Keli notes that faculty often went the extra mile for her – she Anything I want, I can make.” even got her first job through a connection from one of her teachers. Keli still uses all the skills she learned at George Brown in her own collection, cassada, which is See more at georgebrown.ca/keli_schmidt_video/ Diverse students with a common goal Flexibile learning opportunities currently in stores across Canada. We are committed to academic excellence, because George The traditional classroom simply doesn’t work for everyone and so we Brown students are on a path to real achievement; real, in that offer a range of ways to teach and learn that aren’t dependent upon it’s tangible and personal to each student’s experience and time and location. In the past year, we developed online delivery of because it evolves with the changing needs of the workplace. 14 courses in Human Resources, Accounting, Project Management, The majority of our students want George Brown to help them Food Theory and Mathematics as a pilot project to determine interest find what can sometimes seem like an elusive link between and gauge enrolment. Our plan is to expand until every program at opportunity and skills in the form of the job they want most. the college includes an online delivery component. We’re here to do whatever we can to help each graduate, benefiting not only them, but also their future employers. A George Brown College mobile learning strategy has also begun to take shape. It will provide students with new ways to communicate with each other and collaborate with faculty, as well as provide remote access to course materials. The goal is to offer education that is accessible and available, whenever our students need it. What George Brown 89% 87% 89% students have to say: I am motivated to I enjoy taking my I am satisfied with my From Student Engagement Survey succeed at George program at George teachers’ knowledge Brown College. Brown College. of subjects. 16 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 17 GRADUATE SUCCESS AT WORK Rui Oliveira Pre-Community Services, 2012 Valedictorian, Centre for Preparatory & Liberal Studies and Community Services & Early Childhood Rui Oliveira moved to Canada in his early 20s with $80 in his pocket, basic English skills and the dream of someday finishing his education.