Consolidated Financial Statements of THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Year ended March 31, 2012 Tel: 905270-7700 BDO CanadaLLP Fax: 905 270-7915 1 City Centre Drive, Suite 1700 Toll-free: 866 248 6660 Mississauga ON L5B 1M2 Canada www.bdo.ca Independent Auditor’s Report To the Board of Governors of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2012, and the consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Auditor’s Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the College’s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the College’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Opinion In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology as at March 31, 2012, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting standards. The comparative figures were audited by another firm of Chartered Accountants. (cid:2) Chartered Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants Mississauga, Ontario June 6, 2012 BDO Canada LLP, a Canadian limited liability partnership, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY ConsolidatedStatement of Financial