proud to be recognized for our positive and supportive work environment. One of the tenets of our strategy 2020 is a continued effort to build a high-performing organization at every level by bringing in industry leaders and award-winners. Their experience, combined with the college’s perpetual examination of curriculum across all programs, brings a high level of expertise and hands-on learning to our students. But it’s not enough to attract talent; keeping them engaged, curious and excited to be a part of the team is our number one goal. Benefits such as our significant investment in tuition reimbursement programs, professional development practices and our leadership in diversity and accessibility distinguish us from other GTA colleges. When 83% of George Brown employees say they’re proud to work here and 98% feel it’s an essential part of their jobs to provide great service to our students, it’s a testament to our positive work environment. As the college grows, we look forward to welcoming talented new members to the team. James Simon Donna Lee Rolf Priesnitz Professor, George Brown School of Performing Arts Professor, George Brown School of Hospitality & Director, Apprenticeship Programs Tourism Management George Brown College is the only James boasts a long list of directorial successes throughout As Director of Apprenticeship Programs, Rolf ensures his 25-year career. He has been instrumental in growing and An eternal learner and natural marketer, Donna’s hospitality that those who are already employed in a trade have Canadian college to have been developing the theatre school, through which virtually all and tourism classes are about learning great customer service the opportunity to gain the in-school training necessary named all of the following: one of the graduates secure acting work upon graduation. through case studies, connecting with industry and the art to complete their apprenticeship. This provides critical of networking. Students experience everything from visiting schooling to those who seek careers as everything from GTA’s Top 100 Employers (four times James helped coordinate the relocation of the theatre school private clubs to working in a live restaurant to meeting top assistant cooks and bakers to educational assistants, to Toronto’s Distillery District where students have direct access 2009-12), one of Canada’s Top 100 executives from the country’s leading airlines, restaurants, plumbers and carpenters. to numerous senior artists working alongside them in the hotels, tour operators and spas in order to develop critical Employers for 2011, one of the Best state-of-the-art Young Centre for the Performing Arts, a thinking skills in a bona fide setting. In addition, Rolf has been instrumental in the development satellite location co-owned by George Brown College and of co-apprenticeship programs, which allow students Diversity Employers and one of the Soulpepper Theatre Company. Donna believes each individual has strengths that can shine if enrolled in a two-year college program to do the in- Top 25 Family Friendly Employers. encouraged. She takes it upon herself to serve as a mentor to school training for their apprenticeship concurrently with He encourages his students to move well beyond their comfort ambitious students, while serving as a champion of diversity. their