Inc. Fairside Homes and Renovations Ltd. ToddGlen Broadband Technology Imago Restaurants Inc. Maracon Park Hyatt Rutherford Contracting Dalerose Country Homes Flight Centre Tony Battista Paving Building & Concrete Restoration Imran Bacchus Consulting Marble Inn Parks and Recreation Ontario Rx Canada Danforth Collegiate & Techinical Institute Flynn Canada Ltd. Toronto Central CCAC Association of Ontario Indian Line Septic Systems Markham Stouffville Hospital PCL Construction Ryerson University Darcon Inc. Construction Management Foreec Toronto Construction Buttcon Limited Mattamy Homes Limited Peel District School Board Salvation Army Association (TCA) 8 SUCCESS AT WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2011-12 9 MISSION A FIRST FOR GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE AND VALUES Sally Horsfall Eaton Chancellor A significant addition was made to the George Brown College community this past spring as our newly appointed Chancellor, Sally Horsfall Eaton, was installed and conferred diplomas, degrees and certificates on our students for the first time. George Brown is the first Ontario college to appoint a Chancellor, a role traditionally The Path to Leadership Learning Community found only at the university level. Inspired by a commitment to achievement through We foster an environment of reciprocal dialogue to Before assembled community and college leaders at the installation excellence in teaching, applied learning and innovation: ensure learning, solve problems and strengthen the ceremony, Ms Horsfall Eaton pledged to “promote the college’s George Brown College community. welfare and defend its interests” and was robed with an academic > We will set the benchmark to which all colleges will gown by former Toronto Mayor and Ryerson University Chancellor aspire, and be recognized as a key resource in shaping Excellence Emeritus David Crombie and University of Toronto Chancellor the future of Toronto as a leading global city. Emeritus Rose Wolfe. We commit ourselves to delivering a “George Brown > We will build a seamless bridge between learners and College” standard of quality and superior performance. Ms Horsfall Eaton will play a key role throughout the school year, employment as we develop dynamic programs and representing the college at public events and working closely workplace-ready graduates who will be the candidates with president Anne Sado, our board of governors and our senior of choice for employers. Accountability leadership to help us expand our visibility and deepen our reputation. > We will create a community of life-long learners, We hold ourselves responsible to ensure the future Helping people and developing communities has been a thread grounded in the principles of access, diversity, mutual sustainability of the college, academically and fiscally. that has run through her professional and volunteer roles. Among respect and accountability. her many contributions to the non-profit sector, Ms Horsfall Eaton Diversity and Respect chaired the Advisory Board on the Voluntary Sector for the Premier’s Office in Ontario and is Honorary Colonel 32 Signal Regiment, We show mutual respect for each other within the Member of National Honorary Colonels Executive Council. She was community of George Brown including all of our also the founding executive director of the Trillium Foundation and stakeholders, in all of our behaviour. has been awarded with the Outstanding Volunteer Award and the Canadian Forces Decoration.