Ontario (AERO) to provide e-text where available upon request. • Developed an Accessibility Checklist when procuring resources such as databases (Library). • Information on Accessible Library Services was created and uploaded on the Library webpage. s. 16 Training to educators • George Brown College leads a sector-wide project to develop training. • Communication to all faculty and divisions that the training was available and mandatory. s. 7 AODA, IASR Training • George Brown College initiated and leads a sector wide project in the creation of an e- learning module to support Ontario’s 24 Colleges in meeting this 2014 obligation. • The training was completed, is in an accessible format and available in both English and French. • George Brown college communicated all AODA training obligations to all employees of the college and deployed the AODA, IASR training in 2013. Commitments 2013 – 2014 • The college will continue to support the integration of the Customer Service Training to all new employees and volunteers, including students who provide services on behalf of the college. • The college will align the established feedback process with the newly required obligations under the AODA, IASR as it pertains to receiving and responding to feedback. • Continue to communicate our emergency safety information and continue to refresh the manual upon any changes. • Upgrade all signage around spaces. • Develop a short video (with ASL) to be introducing to all students by faculty each semester. • Continue collecting feedback from our members of the GBC, AODA Advisory committee. • A sector-wide Procurement sub-committee has been struck to support the creation of a procurement toolkit that provides tools and resources to support the successful procurement or acquisition of goods, services or facilities taking into consideration accessibility standards. • Continue to strengthen the communication of our procurement obligations across the college. • Prepare a college wide strategy to further train our educators on adopting UDL. • Continue our commitments to all of our training obligations. • Develop a strategy to communicate our accessible feedback process across the college and further embed this approach in all our feedback processes. • Deliver Web Accessibility Training to all miscellaneous owners of websites within GBC. • A sector wide sub-committee has been proactively working on developing best practices to support all of the AODA, IASR Employment obligations. The College is committed to completing the requirements by the obligation deadline and develops a college-wide communication strategy. Moving Forward George Brown College has been active in preparing for our January 1, 2014 obligations. The college spearheaded the lead in the development of a sector-wide training module to meet the AODA, IASR section 7. The training modules was completed in September 2013 and deployed to all colleges on October 2013. George Brown College developed a communication strategy to raise awareness to all employees of the AODA training obligations and to set a deadline by which all employees were to have completed the AODA, IASR section 7 obligated training. George Brown College continues to build partnerships with multiple stakeholders, including government, academic institutions, organizations of persons with