and new hires through Human Resources would receive notification of their obligation to complete the online CSS training. • Supplementing the online training with training manuals to provide an alternative format. • Collaborating with Human Resources to set up a process to track completion of CSS training for new employees. • Creating a notification process and templates for departments to use in communicating any facilities or service disruptions. • Introducing a process to ensure that all student volunteers and student employees received training on the Customer Service Standard. • Establishing a feedback process for customer service • Developing brochures outlining the customer service process that was distributed across the college, including the Student Association, and made available at all student orientation sessions. • Presenting summaries of our progress and AODA updates to the Senior Management Committee at least twice each year. At the same time, a number of activities were initiated to lay the foundation for an accessibility strategy that would enable George Brown College to meet the requirements of the (then) pending AODA accessibility standards for information and communication, employment and the built environment. These activities included: • Initiating an informal, sector-wide group with membership from all colleges to discuss and share information about current and pending AODA obligations. • Producing and circulating a guide to faculty entitled “Creating Accessible Documents,” to create increased awareness regarding how they could make information more accessible to students with disabilities. This guide was also made available to all employees. • Creating and circulating a brochure that addressed language issues and acceptable terminology when referring to people with disabilities. • Developing and circulating a brochure introducing the new, mandated feedback process for areas providing services to students or other third parties. • Developing the first phase of an AODA web page, housed on the George Brown College website. This site serves as a hub for information related to accessibility and the accessibility standards, and as a portal for employees to access AODA-mandated training. • Adding AODA-related information to the college-wide project request form to ensure proposed projects would consider accessibility requirements. • Submitting a proposal to Colleges Ontario for funding to create a toolkit that could be used across the college sector to support pending IASR obligations. These activities have brought us a long way towards meeting our obligations under the Customer Service Standards and laying a foundation for our expanded obligations under the IASR. Implementing our Expanded Obligations under the AODA, IASR Where We Are Now George Brown College developed an AODA, Integrated Accessibility Standard Regulation (IASR) Policy, and prepared a multi-year plan in accordance with our obligation under the AODA, and IASR. The policy provided the principle statements of our organizations’ commitment to the obligations in this regulation and the multi-year plan outlines the framework of deliverables and activities over the next 3 to 5 years. The college is committed to reviewing the multi-year plan each year as progress is made and adding new initiatives as necessary. An annual status report will be prepared each year that outlines our achievements in meeting various