to these costs arising from changes in actuarial assumption and/or experience are recognized over the estimated average remaining service life of the employees. (iv) The discount rate used in the determination of the above-mentioned liabilities is equal to the College’s internal rate of borrowing. i) Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with PSAB for Government NPOs requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenditures during the year. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Areas of key estimation include determination of fair value for short and long-term investments, deferred revenue, allowance for doubtful accounts, capital asset amortization, amortization of deferred capital contributions, and actuarial estimation of post-employment benefits and compensated absences liabilities. j) Public sector salary disclosure act: The Public Sector Salary Disclosure Act, 1996 (the “Act”) requires the disclosure of salaries and benefits of employees in the public sector who are paid a salary of $100,000 or more in a year. The College complies with this Act by providing the information to MTCU for disclosure on the public website. 10 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2013 2. FIRST TIME ADOPTION OF PUBLIC SECTOR ACCOUNTING STANDARDS The Public Sector Accounting Board (PSAB) issued new standards for government (public sector) not-for-profit organizations. For years beginning on or after January 1, 2012, government NPOs have a choice of: (i) Public sector accounting standards including PS 4200 – 4270 for government not-for-profit organizations; or (ii) Public sector accounting standards The College has chosen to follow Public Sector Accounting standards including PS 4200 – 4270 for government not-for-profit organizations. Effective April 1, 2012, the College adopted the requirements of the new accounting framework, Canadian Public Sector Accounting Standards for Government Not-for-Profit Organizations (PSAB for Government NPOs). These are the College’s first financial statements prepared in accordance with this framework and the transitional provisions of Section 2125, First-time Adoption by Government Organizations have been applied. Section 2125 requires retroactive application of the accounting standards with certain elective exemptions and mandatory exceptions. The accounting policies set out in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies have been applied in preparing the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2013, the comparative information presented in these financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2012 and in the preparation of an opening PSAB for Government NPOs balance sheet at the date of transition of April 1, 2011 with the exception of PS 2601 – Foreign Currency Translation and PS 3450 – Financial Instruments, which has been applied with an effective date of April 1, 2012 (see Note 3 – Change in Accounting Policy). The College issued financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2012 using generally accepted accounting principles prescribed by the CICA Handbook – Accounting Part V - Pre- changeover Accounting Standards. The adoption of PSAB for Government NPOs resulted in adjustments to