applied in preparing the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2013, the comparative information presented in these financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2012 and in the preparation of an opening PSAB for Government NPOs balance sheet at the date of transition of April 1, 2011 with the exception of PS 2601 – Foreign Currency Translation and PS 3450 – Financial Instruments, which has been applied with an effective date of April 1, 2012 (see Note 3 – Change in Accounting Policy). The College issued financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2012 using generally accepted accounting principles prescribed by the CICA Handbook – Accounting Part V - Pre- changeover Accounting Standards. The adoption of PSAB for Government NPOs resulted in adjustments to the previously reported assets, liabilities, net assets, excess of revenue over expenses and cash flows of the College. An explanation of how the transition from pre- changeover Canadian GAAP to PSAB for Government NPOs has affected the College’s financial position, operations, changes in net assets and cash flows is set out in the following notes and tables. The following exemptions and exceptions were used at the date of transition to Canadian Public Sector Accounting Standards for Government Not-for-Profit Organizations: Optional exemptions Actuarial Gains and Losses: Pre-changeover GAAP allowed the College to only recognize actuarial gains and losses that exceeded certain prescribed amounts (“the corridor approach”). PSAB for Government NPOs requires the amortization of actuarial gains and losses on post-employment benefit obligations and compensated absences to be amortized over the estimated average remaining service life of employees. Retroactive application of this approach would require the College to split the cumulative actuarial gains and losses from the inception of the plan until the date of transition to PSAB for Government NPOs into a recognized portion and an unrecognized portion. 11 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2013 2. FIRST TIME ADOPTION OF PUBLIC SECTOR ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued) The College has elected to recognize all cumulative actuarial gains and losses as the date of transition to PSAB for Government NPOs directly in net assets. Actuarial gains and losses subsequent to the date of transition to PSAB for Government NPOs are accounted for in accordance with PS 3250 – Retirement Benefits. Business combinations: The College elected to not retroactively apply the provisions PS 2510 – Additional Areas of Consolidation to periods prior to the date of transition to PSAB for Government NPOs. As such, assets, liabilities and net assets have not been restated that may have been required if the provisions of PS 2510 had been applied retroactively. Mandatory exemptions Estimates: The estimates previously made by the College under pre-changeover Canadian GAAP were not revised for the application of PSAB for Government NPOs except where necessary to reflect any difference in accounting policy or where there was objective evidence that those estimates were in error. As a result the College has not used hindsight to revise estimates. Reconciliation of net assets and excess of revenue over expenses: