THE ACCESSIBLE PATH TO LEADERSHIP ACCESSIBILITY AT GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) Status Report 2013 Demonstrating Leadership in the College Sector Since 2005, George Brown College (GBC) has demonstrated and maintained leadership in the Ontario college sector concerning accessibility for people with disabilities. GBC was the first college in Ontario to recognize the need for and initiate a coordinated effort to bringing the accessibility agenda to the forefront. This agenda has made it possible to better serve our students, our employees and the employers who hire our graduates. George Brown College’s accessible path to leadership includes objectives such as preparing diverse learners for job success, better enabling the innovative economy and investing in high value and high performing partnerships. Throughout our efforts to meet our Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) obligations and build an inclusive teaching and learning organization, we have kept these objectives and the following key milestones top of mind: • 2005: First College to create and enforce an e-text captioned media policy. • 2007: First college to establish a staff position to support the college in meeting its accessibility obligations under the AODA. • 2007: First college to establish a series of regular progress reports and presentations to the Senior Management Committee on progress in meeting AODA requirements. • 2009: First college to recognize the need for a sector-wide committee to support the college sector in creating accessible and inclusive learning environments. • 2009: Contributed to the AODA Customer Service Standard (CSS) online training developed in partnership with Algonquin College and Colleges Ontario. • 2009: First college to establish regular meetings to discuss AODA with representation from across the college sector. In 2012, this committee was formalized as a sub- committee of Human Resource College Committee (HRCC). • 2010: First college to create a guide for faculty and all employees on creating accessible documents. • 2010: First college to deliver Customer Service Standard training to student volunteers and student employees. • 2010: First college to introduce technology to support communication disabilities at all of our service centers (Registration, Student Affairs, Learning Commons). • 2012: Project Lead in developing an AODA, Integrated Accessibility Standard Regulation (IASR). Toolkit and Section 16 Training Module for the entire college sector. • 2012: One of three colleges sited by the Accessibility Directorate of Ontario as a postsecondary institution demonstrating best practices in meeting the Customer Service Standards. • 2013: Project Lead in the development of AODA, IASR e-learning for the entire college sector. George Brown College has established a reputation among other colleges as a leader in: • Understanding the breadth and depth of how the accessibility standards and their requirements apply to Ontario colleges. • Providing relevant and reliable resources from established partnerships with national and international experts in areas pertaining to accessibility. • Taking a strategic approach to meeting accessibility obligations and aligning implementation to the strategy. Complying with the CSS and the IASR requirements under the AODA is a large task on many dimensions, with compliance deadlines stretching from 2010 to