our obligations under the Customer Service Standards and laying a foundation for our expanded obligations under the IASR. Implementing our Expanded Obligations under the AODA, IASR Where We Are Now George Brown College developed an AODA, Integrated Accessibility Standard Regulation (IASR) Policy, and prepared a multi-year plan in accordance with our obligation under the AODA, and IASR. The policy provided the principle statements of our organizations’ commitment to the obligations in this regulation and the multi-year plan outlines the framework of deliverables and activities over the next 3 to 5 years. The college is committed to reviewing the multi-year plan each year as progress is made and adding new initiatives as necessary. An annual status report will be prepared each year that outlines our achievements in meeting various activities identified within our multiyear plan and present the forthcoming academic year’s commitments. In this regard the college is pleased to release it first status report for 2012 – 2013. AODA, Status Report 2012 -2013 In 2012 and 2013 (the reporting years to the Government of Ontario) the college had a continued obligation under the Accessibility for Customer Service Standard and the following obligations as they relate to the AODA, IASR, general, information and communication, employment and transportations standards: Year General Requirements Information & Employment Communication 2012 s. 13 Emergency and s. 27 Workplace public safety information emergency response information 2013 s. 3 Accessibility Policies s. 15 Education and training resources and s. 4 Accessibility Plans materials, etc. s. 5 Procuring or acquiring goods, s. 16 Training to services or facilities. educators s. 6 Self-serve kiosks The college took a proactive approach to working on long and short initiatives that would meet the obligations and also contribute to all other facets of operations that intersected with the obligations under the standard. Achievements Accessibility for Customer Service Standard 2012 / 2013 • Continued communication of the CSS Policy to new employees, volunteers and third party providers on behalf of the college. • Facilities Management continues to use signage that adheres to the obligation of the CSS to communicate disruptions temporary or otherwise. • Facilities Management sends college wide emails in advance to all employees to communicate forthcoming changes. • All new employees and volunteers received training. • All training was moved to the colleges Staff Development learning management system. • All managers received communication how to keep track of new hires to ensure training is completed. Information & Communication 2012 / 2013 s. 13 Emergency and public safety information & s. 27 Workplace emergency response information • George Brown College refreshed the College Emergency Procedures Manual and updated the information to include all new builds and the newly developed process for providing individualized workplace emergency response information to employees with a disability. • The document was created in accessible word formation as well as in a manual format. • There was a communication strategy developed to ensure that when the College wide communication occurred to employees of the new document that managers were prepared to answer any questions and or establish ay workplace emergency response