restricted assets are recognized as a liability until the criterion attached to the restrictions has been met. Transaction costs related to financial instruments in the fair value category are expensed as incurred. Where a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary, the amount of the loss is removed from accumulated remeasurement gains and losses and recognized in the statement of operations. On sale, the amount held in accumulated remeasurement gains and losses associated with that instrument is removed from net assets and recognized in the statement of operations. (ii) Amortized cost This category includes accounts receivable, grants receivable, receivable from George Brown College Foundation, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and long term loan. They are initially recognized at cost and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method, less any impairment losses on financial assets, except for contributions, which are initially recognized at fair value. Transaction costs related to financial instruments in the amortized cost category are added to the carrying value of the instrument. Writedowns on financial assets in the amortized cost category are recognized when the amount of a loss is known with sufficient precision, and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets are then written down to net recoverable value with the writedown being recognized in the statement of operations. c) Inventories: Inventories other than books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined on the first-in first-out basis. Books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined using the retail inventory method, which approximates average cost. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price less the estimated cost to make the sale. 8 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2013 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) d) Student organizations: These financial statements do not reflect the assets, liabilities and the results of operations of the various student organizations. e) Investment in GBSP Centre Corp.: The investment in the George Brown Soulpepper Centre Corp. (“GBSP Centre Corp.”) joint venture is accounted for using the modified equity method. No adjustment is made for the basis of accounting of the joint venture being different than PSAB for Government NPOs. f) Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which have been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements 40 years Buildings under capital lease 49 years Leasehold improvements