management system. • All managers received communication how to keep track of new hires to ensure training is completed. Information & Communication 2012 / 2013 s. 13 Emergency and public safety information & s. 27 Workplace emergency response information • George Brown College refreshed the College Emergency Procedures Manual and updated the information to include all new builds and the newly developed process for providing individualized workplace emergency response information to employees with a disability. • The document was created in accessible word formation as well as in a manual format. • There was a communication strategy developed to ensure that when the College wide communication occurred to employees of the new document that managers were prepared to answer any questions and or establish ay workplace emergency response plans as requested. • The College determined that given the vast changes to the document and to the emergency and public safety processes with the college, that a full review would be conducted in 2013. • As part of the changes to this process within the college, all new emergency and safety signage was ordered for all campuses and a new communication plan to deliver the information to students was created and deployed. s. 3 Accessibility Policies & s. 4 Accessibility Plans • The college prepared and received approval of the new AODA, IASR policy and multi- year accessibility plan. • The policy and multi-year plan was posted on the AODA website and a communication strategy was developed to inform all employees of the new policy and the college’s commitment to achieving accessibility. s. 5 Procuring or acquiring goods, services or facilities • Incorporate accessibility language integrated into procurement policies. • Created accessibility strategy for procurement processes to ensure appropriate language used. • Developed a strategy to communicate procurement policies and practices to employees and divisions. • Established a Procurement Task Force to support procurement of accessible goods, service and facilities when practicable. • Create a plan to ensure the accessibility process is adhered to across the entire college. s. 6 Self-serve kiosks • This obligation was threaded into our procurement process and communicated to all areas. s. 15 Education and training resources and materials, etc. • The Disability Services Office continues to provide support to students. • Disability Services Office joined Alternative Educational Resources of Ontario (AERO) to provide e-text where available upon request. • Developed an Accessibility Checklist when procuring resources such as databases (Library). • Information on Accessible Library Services was created and uploaded on the Library webpage. s. 16 Training to educators • George Brown College leads a sector-wide project to develop training. • Communication to all faculty and divisions that the training was available and mandatory. s. 7 AODA, IASR Training • George Brown College initiated and leads a sector wide project in the creation of an e- learning module to support Ontario’s 24 Colleges in meeting this 2014 obligation. • The training was completed, is in an accessible format and available in both English and French. • George Brown college communicated all AODA training obligations to all employees