Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which have been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements 40 years Buildings under capital lease 49 years Leasehold improvements 10 years Equipment 5 years Automotive equipment 5 years Computer equipment 3 years (iii) Assets under capital leases The College leases a building on terms which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the College. This lease has been accounted for as a “capital lease” as though an asset had been purchased and a liability incurred. g) Vacation pay: The College recognizes vacation pay as an expense on the accrual basis. 9 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2013 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) h) Retirement and post-employment benefits and compensated absences: The College provides defined retirement and post-employment benefits and compensated absences to certain employee groups. These benefits include pension, health and dental, vesting sick leave and non-vesting sick leave. The College has adopted the following policies with respect to accounting for these employee benefits: (i) The costs of post-employment future benefits are actuarially determined using management’s best estimate of health care costs, disability recovery rates and discount rates. Adjustments to these costs arising from changes in estimates and experience gains and losses are amortized to income over the estimated average remaining service life of the employee groups on a straight line basis. (ii) The costs of the multi-employer defined benefit pension are the employer’s contributions due to the plan in the period. (iii) The cost of vesting and non-vesting sick leave benefits are actuarially determined using management’s best estimate of salary escalation, employees’ use of entitlement and discount rates. Adjustments to these costs arising from changes in actuarial assumption and/or experience are recognized over the estimated average remaining service life of the employees. (iv) The discount rate used in the determination of the above-mentioned liabilities is equal to the College’s internal rate of borrowing. i) Use of estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with PSAB for Government NPOs requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenditures during the year. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Areas of key estimation include determination of fair value for short and long-term investments, deferred revenue, allowance for doubtful accounts, capital asset