colleges sited by the Accessibility Directorate of Ontario as a postsecondary institution demonstrating best practices in meeting the Customer Service Standards. • 2013: Project Lead in the development of AODA, IASR e-learning for the entire college sector. George Brown College has established a reputation among other colleges as a leader in: • Understanding the breadth and depth of how the accessibility standards and their requirements apply to Ontario colleges. • Providing relevant and reliable resources from established partnerships with national and international experts in areas pertaining to accessibility. • Taking a strategic approach to meeting accessibility obligations and aligning implementation to the strategy. Complying with the CSS and the IASR requirements under the AODA is a large task on many dimensions, with compliance deadlines stretching from 2010 to 2021. Given this, in 2007, George Brown College designated a full-time staff position in Human Resources to support the college in meeting its accessibility and AODA obligations. The AODA Coordinator position was formally established in 2009. The AODA Coordinator has been assigned responsibility for providing leadership and expertise in developing an accessibility strategy for the college, and for facilitating execution of the strategy by serving as a resource and advisor to support other areas in the college in meeting their AODA obligations. The AODA Coordinator also offers opportunities to centrally coordinate initiatives that involve many areas of the college, thereby ensuring more efficient use of the college’s resources. It also provides a key foundation for creating an inclusive, accessible environment that can align with and support the success of Strategy 2020. Implementing the Customer Service Standards George Brown College chose to adopt a strategic approach in working to meet the accessibility standards for customer service, which were passed into law in 2008 and for which the compliance deadline was January 1, 2010. In 2009, George Brown College partnered with Algonquin College and Colleges Ontario to develop a sector-wide e-learning training module that all colleges could use to fulfill the training requirements under the mandated Customer Service Standards. In addition to the developing the CSS training module, we worked to meet and exceed our obligations under the Customer Service Standard by: • Creating a Customer Service Standard policy for George Brown College, and making it available in accessible digital formats. • Developing a process whereby all employees and new hires through Human Resources would receive notification of their obligation to complete the online CSS training. • Supplementing the online training with training manuals to provide an alternative format. • Collaborating with Human Resources to set up a process to track completion of CSS training for new employees. • Creating a notification process and templates for departments to use in communicating any facilities or service disruptions. • Introducing a process to ensure that all student volunteers and student employees received training on the Customer Service Standard. • Establishing a feedback process for customer service • Developing brochures outlining the customer service process that was distributed across the college, including the Student Association, and made available at all student orientation sessions. • Presenting summaries of our progress