George Brown College 2014-2019 Energy Conservation and Demand ManagementPlan George Brown College 2014-2019 Energy CDM Plan 2014-2019 Energy Conservation and Demand Management (CDM) Plan George Brown College’s main Energy CDM objective is to improve energy efficiency throughout all of its campuses and to contribute to the Province of Ontario’s long term energy plan through conservation practices. Introduction George Brown College is comprised of three Campus locations, Casa Loma Campus, St. James Campus and Waterfront Campus in downtown Toronto. The Casa Loma Campus has 5 buildings and 3 public parking lots. The St. James Campus has 5 buildings and 4 leased locations. The Waterfront Campus is a new campus comprised of one building that opened in August of 2012, designed to be LEED Gold certified building. George Brown College has 23,460 Full-time Students, 61,300 Continuing Education Students and 3,800 employees (full-time and part-time staff). To facilitate the Energy CDM Plan’s 5 year goals the Facilities Management Team is responsible for maintaining all the Campus locations and base building operations which includes implementation of energy efficiency and conservation measures to reduce cost and consumption. Background In 2007 the College released its first Green Plan (Phase I) which included an Energy Management Plan with the following targets: - Increase energy efficiency of existing College buildings - Maintain greenhouse gas emissions at 2006 levels. - Reduce consumption of energy from fossil-fuel based sources. In 2012 the College released the Green Plan Phase I Report which reported on the following results compared to the 2006 baseline: - The College decreased energy efficiency (energy intensity per square foot) by 10% - The College reduced its carbon footprint by 20% compared to 2006 levels in spite of adding approximately 100,000 square feet of buildings (excluding the Waterfront Campus) and increasing occupancy as student population has increased from approximately 18,000 to 24,000 full time students, not including Continuing Education Students. Overview: George Brown College’s Strategy 2020 commits to “creating a college experience that enhances student satisfaction by ensuring resources are used as responsibly, ethically and efficiently as possible.” The goal is to guide financial and physical resources so that the College can grow responsibly and enhance the College environment to the benefit of the entire community. This includes the need to operate facilities as efficiently as possible, by saving energy, reducing waste and conserving resources. As per the requirements of Reg. 397/11, this Energy CDM Plan outlines goals, measures and expected results in terms of energy efficiency, conservation and demand management. As the College continues to grow, both in terms of student population and occupancy in existing buildings, George Brown is also growing in terms of its overall building footprint with an additional 175,000 square foot of building to come on line with the addition of a new student residence in September 2016. The 2014-2019 Energy CDM Plan is an important component of the College’s Green Plan which commits George Brown College to reduce the College’s ecological footprint, to engage and educate the College community in conservation and environmental stewardship practices and to use the College campuses as learning laboratories.