THE ACCESSIBLE PATH TO LEADERSHIP ACCESSIBILITY AT GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) Status Report 2014 Why Accessibility Matters to the College As a College and public sector organization we are committed to creating an accessible organization by removing and preventing barriers for people with disabilities. George Brown College makes every effort to demonstrate leadership for accessibility in the College sector and in Ontario. Our goal is to ensure accessibility for all of our employees, our students and our community members who access services, products or any of our facilities operated by the College. Where are We are Now in Implementing our Obligations under the AODA, CSS and IASR George Brown College has developed an AODA, multi-year plan in accordance with our obligation under the AODA, and IASR. The multi-year plan outlines the framework of deliverables and activities over the next 3 to 5 years and is updated as progress continues at the college. An annual status report is prepared each year that outlines our achievements in meeting various activities identified within our multiyear plan. A. AODA, Status Report 2014 Achievements 2014 • The college continued to support the integration of the Customer Service Training to all new employees and volunteers, including students who provide services on behalf of the college. • The college delivered AODA, IASR training to all employees, volunteers, persons developing policies, and all others providing goods, services or facilities on behalf of college on requirements of IASR standards and on OHRC as it pertains to disabilities. • The college tracked all employees who completed training. • Ensured language in all new hire letters indicated the need to complete all obligated AODA training requirements before commencement of employment. • The college aligned the established feedback process with the required obligations under the AODA, IASR as it pertains to receiving and responding to feedback. Information was made available on the AODA webpage and was posted in the Student newspaper. • A Procurement toolkit was released to the College sector on January 2014 that provided tools and resources to support the successful procurement or acquisition of goods, services or facilities taking into consideration accessibility standards. • The Procurement Department continued to strengthen the communication of our procurement obligations across the college. 2 • Delivered successful Web Accessibility Training to all miscellaneous owners of websites within GBC. • Provided resources on Web Accessibility, Web Content and Web Applications. • Web Team communicated to all employees that all documents requested to be posted on the website must be in an accessible format. • Ensured all new potential job applicants were informed of workplace accommodations that are available upon request. • Employee accommodation plans are documented and confidentiality are maintained. • Human Resources ensure the Employee Return-to-Work process was in keeping with the requirements of the AODA, IASR. Moving Forward George Brown College is committed to continuing to meet the forthcoming AODA, IASR obligations. In 2015 the college is focusing on college wide training to all employee groups on how to create accessible documents as well as