that all events across the college are accessible and all information and communication supports are available in a timely manner at each event. o The college has created a core group comprised of faculty, disability consultants, program reviewers, curriculum developers, diversity, equity and human rights 2 personnel and others to establish a Universal Design for Learning campaign. The UDL project is intended to develop college resources to help faculty adopt and use UDL as a means to enhance inclusion in the classroom. UDL training will be launched this coming academic year to support this initiative. This initiative will contribute to supporting accessible information and communication in the classroom.  Under our 2015 AODA, IASR, section 18, the college has done the following: o The Learning Commons (library) partnered with the Ontario Council of University Libraries and the Internet Archive to bring the Accessible Content E-Portal (ACE) service to the library for a 4-month pilot initiative and year long trial. ACE is aimed at making Ontario’s university and college library collections more accessible, through growing a repository of texts in five accessible formats. These are available to any registered student, faculty and staff with a perceptual disability (as defined by the Copyright Act of Canada). o The ACE pilot program allows college libraries to combine their efforts to increase equity by providing accessible format copies of print material using the established infrastructure of ACE as the access point.  Development of an Accessibility@GeorgeBrown.ca webpages. A centralized location for all Accessibility and AODA related information, resources and tools for all employee groups, students and visitors.  The college has been committed to ensuring that any retrofits of any built space or new construction of built spaces incorporate accessibility standards. The college uses the current Ontario Building Code and various Municipal Accessibility Built Standards to leverage appropriate information to ensure fully accessible spaces. Moving Forward During our 2015 / 2016 academic year the college will continue its efforts on college-wide training to all employee groups on creating accessible documents as well as training and the development of core resources to support Universal Design for Learning (UDL) principles. The Library ACE pilot initiative will be reviewed to determine next steps in ensuring accessible or conversion ready format of our print-based resources. The college will also evaluate the e- text pilot and determine next steps in order to ensure increased access to accessible e-texts. 3