THE ACCESSIBLE PATH TO LEADERSHIP: ACCESSIBILITY AT GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) Status Report 2015 An update on actions by George Brown College to prevent and remove barriers for people with disabilities and continue to meet and exceed the obligations under the AODA. This Accessibility Status Report is the annual update that George Brown College provides on the measures taken to improve accessibility and implement the Province’s accessibility requirements. The Status Report also updates on actions to implement the 2010 – 2021 Multi-Year Accessibility Plan, which outlines the actions and details our strategy for meeting the requirements of Ontario’s accessibility legislation. AODA, Status Report 2015 Achievements 2015  The college continues to support the integration of the Customer Service Training to all new employees and volunteers, including students who provide services on behalf of the college.  The college continues to support the integration of the AODA, IASR training and on the OHRC as it pertains to persons with disabilities, to all employees, volunteers, persons developing policies, and all others providing goods, services or facilities on behalf of college.  The college continues to track the number of employees and others who complete all of the AODA training requirements.  Under our 2015 AODA, IASR, section 12, the college has done the following: o Since 2008 committed to ensure communication supports were available at all college-wide events. o Since 2009 established a College staff ASL interpreter role and TextNet (a computer based TTY service) for all Deaf Staff. o In 2010 introduced UbiDuo technology to support communication at all our service centers. o Implemented a college wide training strategy to train all employees on how to create accessible source documents. Our Vice President of Corporate, Vice President of Human Resources and Vice President of Academic have endorsed this initiative.  Training has been established bi-weekly and made available to all employee groups.  Department and divisional training is available upon request.  One-on-one accessible document training and support is available upon request. o The college has launched a pilot e-text project to examine the feasibility to purchase accessible e-texts for programs in advance of individual requests. o The college released an updated version of a guide on “How to plan for accessible events”. This guide ensures that all events across the college are accessible and all information and communication supports are available in a timely manner at each event. o The college has created a core group comprised of faculty, disability consultants, program reviewers, curriculum developers, diversity, equity and human rights 2 personnel and others to establish a Universal Design for Learning campaign. The UDL project is intended to develop college resources to help faculty adopt and use UDL as a means to enhance inclusion in the classroom. UDL training will be launched this coming academic year to support this initiative. This initiative will contribute to supporting accessible information and communication in the classroom.  Under our 2015 AODA, IASR, section 18, the college has done the following: o The Learning Commons (library) partnered