adjustable font sizes, and user navigation controls. ● Launched in 2015 with one text, there are now 5 courses using 8 different texts along with their associated enhanced websites and the initiative continues to gain popularity with new requests for 9 courses received (to date) for the 2017-18 school year. ● The eText initiative is consistent with the College’s focus on the 3 pillars of sustainable practices: Environmental Sustainability, Social Sustainability and Economic Sustainability. Accessible Document Training ● In 2016, 24 training sessions were offered on GBC’s PD Place, with a total of 65 attendees. 5 ● Training sessions include an introduction to accessibility, how it relates to electronic documents, and covers an overview of accessible document requirements and types of impairments. ● Sessions also include: a comprehensive list of accessibility issues, detailed descriptions for each issue, example documents for each issue, and exercises to train attendees how to fix the accessibility issues. ● Additional presentations were also provided to divisional teams as part of their team meetings, including the Centre for Hospitality & Culinary Arts (60+ staff and faculty), School of Fashion (20+ staff and faculty), School of Dental Health (25+ staff and faculty). ● Sessions are also provided with staff and faculty via Skype video on an ad hoc basis in which the Web Publishing Team share their screen and show them how to fix any accessibility issue they may be experiencing with their documents. ● Tutorial videos were created for remediating PDFs, and are posted on GBC’s Accessible Information and Communication website. ● An Accessible Documents handout checklist was created. ● One-on-one training sessions were provided to designers on how to create accessible InDesign files, with interest shown for a potential presentation to GBC design students. ● GBC’s AODA Coordinator and GBC’s Assistant Web Master co-presented a session entitled “Redefining Ideas into Initiatives: How to Adopt an Accessible Documents Strategy” at the Guelph Accessibility Conference (2015). Library ● Information regarding CELA, the Centre for Equitable Library Access added to the GBC Library website: George Brown College Library - CELA Facilities Upgrades and Installations ● GBC Facilities continues to enhance its offerings with the following upgrades and installations: Waterfront Campus ● In partnership with Bell and Rogers, installed a cell phone repeater system that enhances cell phone coverage in the building. This is seen as a benefit in the event of an emergency. ● Improved lighting in corridor in concourse, adjusted to be independent of Fifthlight control system which eliminates dark areas in case of light system failure. ● Adjusted lighting in 3rd floor change rooms to be independent of Fifthlight control system which eliminates dark areas in case of light system failure. 6 ● New installation of panic button in the shipping/receiving office as enhanced security feature. ● As a security enhancement mirrors in women's shower eliminate the need to dress in common washroom. Moving Forward George Brown College is committed to formalizing its obligations under s. 22, 23, 24 Recruitment; s. 25, 26, 28 Employee accommodation; s. 29 Employees returning to work; s. 30, 31 Performance management, career