and expertise. Provincial Committees George Brown College continues its representation on the following provincial committees: ● Human Resources Colleges Committee (HRCC) AODA Committee ● Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR) AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries Annual Report The college continues to support all previous and ongoing milestones and initiatives outlined in the college’s multi-year plan. Each year a status report is prepared that outlines our achievements in meeting the current legislative requirement, recent activities identified within our multi-year plan and related accessibility initiatives. AODA, Status Report 2016 Achievements s. 22, 23, 24 Recruitment ● Applicants are notified about the availability of accommodation during the recruitment process ● Job applicants selected in hiring process are notified that accommodations are available upon request in relation to material or processes to be used. ● Consultation occurs with the applicant to arrange and provide the accommodation. s. 25, 26, 28 Employee accommodation ● The college’s Workplace Accommodation Policy was reviewed and updated 2014-01-02, and includes a written process for developing documented individual accommodation plans (IAP). ● Employees are informed of policies used to support employees with disabilities, including policies on providing job accommodation. ● The college’s Workplace Accommodation Policy will undergo its mandatory review in 2017. s. 29 Employees returning to work ● The college is currently modernizing and updating its return-to-work (RTW) policy, to better facilitate the RTW process. 3 s. 30, 31 Performance management, career development and redeployment ● The college takes into account disability and accommodation plans when using performance management, and when redeploying employees. s. 12 Accessible formats and communication supports ● The college arranges for accessible formats and communication supports (upon request) in a timely manner at cost that is no more than regular charge to others). ● The college continues to meet its obligations with the following initiatives: College staff ASL-interpreter role (established 2009); TextNet, a computer-based TTY service, to all Deaf Staff (established 2009); UbiDuo technology to support communication for GBC Service Centers (established 2010); and the Captioned Media and eText Policy (established 2006). s. 18 Educational libraries: print-based resources ● George Brown College Library implemented ACE, the Accessible Content e- Portal, a process to provide, procure or acquire accessible or conversion-ready format of print-based resources (upon request). ACE provides alternate format texts of library materials to registered students, faculty and staff with a perceptual disability as defined in the Canadian Copyright Act. ● GBC continues its representation on the Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR)’s AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries whose mandate is to assist the college libraries in developing sectorial approaches that meet (and wherever possible exceed) the requirements of the obligations for educational libraries under the AODA. Related Initiatives In addition to meeting our obligations under the AODA, George Brown College is committed to pursuing other related initiatives that continue to prevent and remove barriers collegewide, including: Information Technology Services (ITS) ● GBC ITS continues to enhance its accessible services with the installation of: ○ 10 podiums that are ADA compliant; ○ Hearing Assist technology installed in 9 classrooms; and ○ 280