THE ACCESSIBLE PATH TO LEADERSHIP: ACCESSIBILITY AT GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) Status Report 2016 Why Accessibility Matters As a college and public sector organization, George Brown College is committed to creating an accessible organization by removing and preventing barriers for people with disabilities. Members of the George Brown community make every effort to demonstrate leadership for accessibility throughout the college sector and Ontario. Our goal is to ensure accessibility for all of our employees, our students and our community members who access services, products, resources or any of the facilities operated by the College. Where Are We Now: Implementing our Obligations under the AODA Legislative Updates Effective July 1, 2016, the Customer Service Standards (which came into effect on January 1, 2008), have been consolidated with the Integrated Accessibility Standards into one regulation, the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards (under Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11). In alignment with this legislative update, George Brown College is currently reviewing, updating and consolidating accessibility policies. Multi-Year Plan George Brown College continues to work in accordance with the multi-year plan developed to meet our organizational obligations under the AODA, Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation (O. Reg. 191/11, s. 4 (1) (2)). At George Brown College we are committed to making accessibility a reality throughout the organization and recognize that all employees of the college have a role in creating an accessible and inclusive college. As the AODA obligations are far-reaching with varying levels of responsibility across the college, our multi-year plan reflects a strategic approach to implementation that assigns leadership and responsibility to various groups to ensure our goals are met. The multi-year plan is a fluid document and framework that provides high level deliverables and activities to be met over the next five years, and is updated as progress continues at the college. College Committees The college continues its accessibility-related work within the parameters of the George Brown College AODA Committee, comprised of senior leaders representing all areas of the college who champion and are accountable for the successful implementation of the accessibility initiatives as they relate to the AODA Accessibility Standards, and the 2 AODA Coordinator who is accountable for the development and execution of an accessibility strategy and providing leadership and expertise. Provincial Committees George Brown College continues its representation on the following provincial committees: ● Human Resources Colleges Committee (HRCC) AODA Committee ● Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR) AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries Annual Report The college continues to support all previous and ongoing milestones and initiatives outlined in the college’s multi-year plan. Each year a status report is prepared that outlines our achievements in meeting the current legislative requirement, recent activities identified within our multi-year plan and related accessibility initiatives. AODA, Status Report 2016 Achievements s. 22, 23, 24 Recruitment ● Applicants are notified about the availability of accommodation during the recruitment process ● Job applicants selected in hiring process are notified that accommodations are available upon request in relation to material or