faculty and staff with a perceptual disability as defined in the Canadian Copyright Act. ● GBC continues its representation on the Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR)’s AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries whose mandate is to assist the college libraries in developing sectorial approaches that meet (and wherever possible exceed) the requirements of the obligations for educational libraries under the AODA. Related Initiatives In addition to meeting our obligations under the AODA, George Brown College is committed to pursuing other related initiatives that continue to prevent and remove barriers collegewide, including: Information Technology Services (ITS) ● GBC ITS continues to enhance its accessible services with the installation of: ○ 10 podiums that are ADA compliant; ○ Hearing Assist technology installed in 9 classrooms; and ○ 280 new ADA compliant 8800 series office phones. 4 Universal Design for Learning ● Universal Design for Learning (UDL) is an approach to designing curriculum and student services in a way that lessens barriers to participation, reducing the need for individualized arrangements, and increasing inclusion, engagement, and success for all students. ● A George Brown College delegation representing a diverse cross-section of college divisions attended the “Universal Design for Learning: Canadian Perspectives - Sowing the Seeds, Facilitating the Change, Nurturing the Growth” conference at McGill University (May, 2015). ● Following the conference a college-wide UDL committee was formed to discuss and develop initiatives and efforts for UDL support and implementation at the college. ● George Brown College hosted a college-wide UDL conference, attended by 160 participants (May, 2016). ● UDL is included as a priority in the Academic Plan 2016. ● GBC is currently developing next steps and gathering information for a baseline audit to determine how we are designing for access and inclusion, including: program review, policy compliance, best practices, service audits and UDL train the trainer modules. eTextbook Initiative ● As part of the college’s Digital Learning Initiative (DLI), the eLearning and Teaching Innovation (eLTI) team has been working with programs across the college to implement an eTextbook initiative in which the cost of the textbook is included in the course material fees. ● These eTexts support increased access for students who can interact with the text in their preferred manner: digital, print or audio and offer accessibility features such as: text to speech functionality, adjustable font sizes, and user navigation controls. ● Launched in 2015 with one text, there are now 5 courses using 8 different texts along with their associated enhanced websites and the initiative continues to gain popularity with new requests for 9 courses received (to date) for the 2017-18 school year. ● The eText initiative is consistent with the College’s focus on the 3 pillars of sustainable practices: Environmental Sustainability, Social Sustainability and Economic Sustainability. Accessible Document Training ● In 2016, 24 training sessions were offered on GBC’s PD Place, with a total of 65 attendees. 5 ● Training sessions include an introduction to accessibility, how it relates to electronic documents, and covers an overview of accessible document requirements and types of impairments. ● Sessions also include: a comprehensive