is seen as a benefit in the event of an emergency. ● Improved lighting in corridor in concourse, adjusted to be independent of Fifthlight control system which eliminates dark areas in case of light system failure. ● Adjusted lighting in 3rd floor change rooms to be independent of Fifthlight control system which eliminates dark areas in case of light system failure. 6 ● New installation of panic button in the shipping/receiving office as enhanced security feature. ● As a security enhancement mirrors in women's shower eliminate the need to dress in common washroom. Moving Forward George Brown College is committed to formalizing its obligations under s. 22, 23, 24 Recruitment; s. 25, 26, 28 Employee accommodation; s. 29 Employees returning to work; s. 30, 31 Performance management, career development and redeployment by developing standardized procedures and toolkits to better guide employees and management throughout these processes. George Brown College is committed to continuing to meet the forthcoming AODA IASR obligations of 2020 and 2021, including: s.18 Educational libraries: to provide, procure or acquire accessible or conversion- ready format of digital based resources (upon request). (Special collections and archival material are exempted). ● The college library’s Captioned Media policy (Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors Dec 13, 2006) ensures that our obligations for multimedia are met. ● The GBC library continues it’s work towards meeting obligations for other resources such as library databases and electronic resources. ○ The Library eResources Accessibility Project (LEAP) is an HLLR-directed initiative currently in development to assist Ontario college libraries in upholding accessibility best practices and becoming compliant with the requirements of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) January 1, 2020 deadline for ensuring the accessibility of electronic resources (IASR, 2011, s. 18(3)). ● GBC maintains its representation on the HLLR-AODA Committee for the Ontario College Libraries as Chair. ● A GBC representative also advises on accessibility standards in the development of the Learning Portal - a project which aims to provide easy and equitable access to open learning resources and services to Ontario's online college students and to offer a consistent, province-wide academic support platform for faculty to use for course and assignment design. s. 14 All Internet websites and web content (2021) must comply with WCAG 2.0 Level AA (excludes live captioning, audio description). 7