collection of approximately 8,000 videos on a wide variety of subjects, including: social sciences, arts and design, business, computer sciences, health sciences, architecture, food technology and travel and tourism. ● Over 80% of the collection is captioned, and requests can be made by anyone using the platform, including staff and students, to caption any video that is currently not captioned with a 72-hour turn-around service. ● The Kanopy platform also hosts other streamed video collections, including the Elsevier Dental Hygiene Procedures Collection and the Mosby’s Nursing Skills Collection, providing a more streamlined and intuitive experience for staff and students using online videos. Universal Design for Learning • Universal Design for Learning (UDL) is an approach to designing curriculum and student services in a way that lessens barriers to participation, reducing the need for individualized arrangements, and increasing inclusion, engagement, and success for all students. 7 • UDL 101 training was organized for approximately 40 GBC faculty and administrators in winter 2017, including one day for UDL leaders. • 5 Academic Schools with 17 professors across a range of fields volunteered to participate in an academic pilot in spring 2017 to explore the training, guidance, coaching, and support needed to implement UDL strategies in the classroom, and which strategies were most impactful in student engagement, access, and sense of inclusion. Also explored was the role of 5 support areas in facilitating faculty success with UDL: eLearning, Academic Excellence, Staff Development, Accessible Learning Services, and Academic Services/Learning Resources. Research report on results: March 2018. Focus was also on building a community of practice across the 17 professors, along with other professors across the college who are interested in UDL. • Service areas in Academic and Student Affairs engaged in a UDL initiative that involved training 20 managers on how to think about student services through the lens of UDL, how to apply a UDL audit to assess services, and guidance in making services changes to widen access and inclusion. Small changes to widen access and inclusion include the use of video appointments for career advising, tailoring counselling for specific groups (Black Student Success Network, International students, etc.), and offering videos with Deaf individual signing student information on website during the faculty strike). Website Publishing Team • Use of web service (Siteimprove) to regularly monitor the georgebrown.ca website for accessibility issues. • Regular meetings with Digital Experience Manager to identify priority accessibility issues flagged by Siteimprove, to be assigned to ITS for fixing. • Liaising with external vendors to ensure brochures, booklets, and other materials for the college are accessible. • Running accessibility checks on all documents sent to the Website Publishing Team before posting to georgebrown.ca • Testing of new HTML templates and/or dynamic web tools for accessibility issues, prior launching live pages. • Testing web service tools (e.g. Algonquin’s Course Outline Retrieval page) for accessibility. • Testing email templates (e.g. Pardot CRM) for accessibility issues and recommending fixes. • Engaging the services of an external accessibility consultant for college departments and divisions, to help convert their digital documents to accessible versions. • The