and accessibility best practices for the classroom. • Completed two ASL and Captioned videos, one regarding the process to withdraw after the strike and the other regarding the strike relief fund. This video was in the top 5 most viewed videos for December on the GBC site. • Worked closely with marketing to ensure the videos meet approval. • Completed "What professors should know about Interpreters" as part of the "Myth Busters" video series for faculty. • Future projects include: top 20 ASL signs for faculty to communicate with their students (script approved) and other potential videos on Computerized Notetaking, Peer Notetaking, Notetaking Express. Ally: Blackboard Assistive Technology • Ally is a Blackboard Assistive Technology that supports the College efforts to achieve online accessibility and inclusion for all students. The product assesses and provides recommendations for making course content more accessible to suit diverse needs. • Using the AODA Standards, Ally analyzes file accessibility and provides targeted solutions to remove barriers through the use of alternative formats. 4 • Following a pilot run in Summer and Fall 2017, Ally is currently deployed in Blackboard, and it gives faculty and staff reports with guidance and tips on how to make documents more accessible; and it gives students the option to generate instant alternative formats, such as: HTML, ePub, Tagged PDF, Electronic Braille (BRF), and audio (MP3). • As a practical hands-on tool, Ally is a catalyst to raising awareness among staff and faculty about meeting and exceeding requirements for course content accessibility. • eLTI offers an online Ally training option and support for everyone at the College. Diversity, Equity and Human Rights Services (DEHRS) • The college’s AODA Accessibility Policy was refreshed in 2017 in alignment with legislative updates; this included the addition of a detailed section on Service Animal Guidelines (Appendix A) – outlining the process and procedure for supporting and welcoming service animals, in accordance with the AODA. • The college’s Workplace Accommodation Policy underwent its mandatory review in 2017 and was updated and modernized to align with current GBC standards. • Launched “Accessibility Tips,” sent to all staff fortnightly via GBC Update, to help the community get better acquainted with the college’s obligations under the AODA, and to support accessibility best practices college-wide. • Submitted an updated Return to Work policy for review and implementation by HR team. • AODA Coordinator guest lectured in several GBC classrooms on the topic of accessibility best practices and AODA compliance; also presented in faculty meetings, and met one on one with faculty to build accessibility competencies to help facilitate AODA compliance. • Worked with VP Corporate and VP Academic who sent out a joint statement to all faculty via Chairs/Deans/Directors reaffirming the college’s commitment to accessible materials, specifically accessibility requirements for course packs and textbooks. • Refreshed the AODA compliant template for service disruptions and redistributed it to Facilities and other departments throughout the college. • Ongoing work by DEHRS to develop a diversity committee and to establish a diversity strategy, college-wide. eTextbook Initiative • As part of the college’s Digital Learning Initiative