serves as a resource throughout the college who provides leadership and expertise, and is accountable for the development, progression and execution of the college’s accessibility strategy. Provincial Committees George Brown College continues its representation on the following provincial committees: ● Human Resources Colleges Committee (HRCC) AODA Committee ● Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR) AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries Annual Report The college continues to support all previous and ongoing milestones and initiatives outlined in the college’s multi-year plan. Each year a status report is prepared that outlines our achievements including: • Meeting the current legislative requirement, • Reporting on recent activities identified within our multi-year plan and • Identifying related accessibility initiatives that continue to prevent and remove barriers, college wide. AODA, Status Report 2017 Achievements, Activities and Related Initiatives Accessible Document Training • The PMT Administrator & Sr. Digital Specialist, continued monthly training sessions for faculty & staff on creating accessible documents (MS Word, PDFs), available for registering on the college’s PD portal, My Learning. • One-on-one support for faculty & staff (email, phone, Skype, in person) when repeated attempts to make documents accessible have failed. 3 • Presenting best practices on how to make documents accessible at staff/department meetings. Accessible Formats and Communication Supports ● The college continues its commitment to arrange for accessible formats and communication supports (upon request) in a timely manner at a cost that is no more than the regular charge to others. ● The college continues to meet its obligations with the following initiatives: College staff ASL-interpreter role (established 2009); TextNet, a computer-based TTY service (established 2009); UbiDuo technology to support communication for GBC Service Centers (established 2010); and the Captioned Media and eText Policy (established 2006). Accessible Learning Services • Accessible Learning Services and Elti collaborated and launched Ally and ReadWrite Gold on Blackboard: ALLY facilitates faculty assessment of whether their teaching materials are o accessible. ReadWrite Gold facilitates student access to a screen reader from home, o free of charge, which can be used to access Blackboard and general learning materials. • ALS purchased 10 CCTV’s for low vision students to be dispersed through the Library, Assessment Centre and AT labs. • Accessible Learning Services launched an online Faculty Guide on Accommodations which is intended to assist faculty in understanding accommodation practices and accessibility best practices for the classroom. • Completed two ASL and Captioned videos, one regarding the process to withdraw after the strike and the other regarding the strike relief fund. This video was in the top 5 most viewed videos for December on the GBC site. • Worked closely with marketing to ensure the videos meet approval. • Completed "What professors should know about Interpreters" as part of the "Myth Busters" video series for faculty. • Future projects include: top 20 ASL signs for faculty to communicate with their students (script approved) and other potential videos on Computerized Notetaking, Peer Notetaking, Notetaking Express. Ally: Blackboard Assistive Technology • Ally is a Blackboard Assistive Technology that supports the College efforts to achieve online accessibility and inclusion for all