in an updated, AODA compliant, format to increase ease in reading and interpreting data. Library ● George Brown College Library continues to respond to alternate format requests of library materials to registered students, faculty and staff with a perceptual disability as defined in the Canadian Copyright Act, using ACE, the Accessible Content e-Portal. ● GBC maintains its representation as Chair of the HLLR-AODA Committee for the Ontario College Libraries. OER: Open Education Resources • Ontario College Libraries, under the direction of the Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR), with the support of Ontario College Library Services (OCLS), continue their work towards a strategy that supports Open Education Resources (OER). • Commissioned research and published the report entitled, “Online Learning, OERs, and the Changing Role of College Libraries - June, 2016.” • Currently building an OER toolkit designed to provide support and training to library staff in open education initiatives, including removing barriers to education by prioritizing the use of open, accessible, and free resources written and adapted by subject experts. • The goals of the OER toolkit are to: 6 Establish competencies among librarians and library staff to support o college faculty in understanding OERs, including how they may adopt and adapt open resources for use in their courses. Establish libraries in leadership role in the emerging areas of OER, o ensuring library support of open materials. • Additional goals include providing a centralized location for Ontario colleges to share information and best practices on OER, including access to significant content that has already been developed locally at individual colleges; and to help facilitate online teaching and learning to ensure all students have equitable access to affordable resources. The Learning Portal • The OER project intersects with another Ontario college library initiative, The Learning Portal, which aims to provide easy and equitable access to open learning resources and services for Ontario’s online college students, and a consistent, province-wide academic support platform for faculty to use for curriculum development and assignment design. The OER toolkit (planned for release Spring/Summer 2018) will be embedded into the Faculty Resources section of the Learning Portal. ● A GBC representative advises on accessibility standards in the development of the Learning Portal. Kanopy Streaming Video Collection ● GBC Library now supports Kanopy, an online video streaming platform with a collection of approximately 8,000 videos on a wide variety of subjects, including: social sciences, arts and design, business, computer sciences, health sciences, architecture, food technology and travel and tourism. ● Over 80% of the collection is captioned, and requests can be made by anyone using the platform, including staff and students, to caption any video that is currently not captioned with a 72-hour turn-around service. ● The Kanopy platform also hosts other streamed video collections, including the Elsevier Dental Hygiene Procedures Collection and the Mosby’s Nursing Skills Collection, providing a more streamlined and intuitive experience for staff and students using online videos. Universal Design for Learning • Universal Design for Learning (UDL) is an approach to designing curriculum and student services in a way that lessens barriers to