review and implementation by HR team. • AODA Coordinator guest lectured in several GBC classrooms on the topic of accessibility best practices and AODA compliance; also presented in faculty meetings, and met one on one with faculty to build accessibility competencies to help facilitate AODA compliance. • Worked with VP Corporate and VP Academic who sent out a joint statement to all faculty via Chairs/Deans/Directors reaffirming the college’s commitment to accessible materials, specifically accessibility requirements for course packs and textbooks. • Refreshed the AODA compliant template for service disruptions and redistributed it to Facilities and other departments throughout the college. • Ongoing work by DEHRS to develop a diversity committee and to establish a diversity strategy, college-wide. eTextbook Initiative • As part of the college’s Digital Learning Initiative (DLI), the eLearning and Teaching Innovation (eLTI) team has been working with programs across the college to implement an eTextbook initiative in which the cost of the textbook is included in the course material fees. • These eTexts support increased access for students who can interact with the text in their preferred manner: digital, print or audio and offer accessibility features such as: text to speech functionality, adjustable font sizes, and user navigation controls. 5 • Launched in 2015 with one text; as of Fall 2017, there are 33 courses using 20 unique resources in 39 programs, with deployed 5,600 eTexts to students. • The eText initiative is consistent with the College’s focus on the 3 pillars of sustainable practices: Environmental Sustainability, Social Sustainability and Economic Sustainability. Human Resources ● Applicants continue to be notified about the availability of accommodation during the recruitment process, including in relation to material or processes to be used. Consultation occurs with the applicant to arrange and provide the accommodation. ● To increase accessibility, the option of Skype interviews for pre-screening or first round interviews is in place, both for people with disabilities for whom travel or mobility may be difficult, and for those who may live at a distance and may not be able to travel for an in person interview. ● In response to feedback from employees and candidates about the application process, two AODA compliant, instructional documents were created to improve the online job application experience. ● 2016 Employee Engagement Survey results were released to employees in 2017 in an updated, AODA compliant, format to increase ease in reading and interpreting data. Library ● George Brown College Library continues to respond to alternate format requests of library materials to registered students, faculty and staff with a perceptual disability as defined in the Canadian Copyright Act, using ACE, the Accessible Content e-Portal. ● GBC maintains its representation as Chair of the HLLR-AODA Committee for the Ontario College Libraries. OER: Open Education Resources • Ontario College Libraries, under the direction of the Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR), with the support of Ontario College Library Services (OCLS), continue their work towards a strategy that supports Open Education Resources (OER). • Commissioned research and published the report entitled, “Online Learning, OERs, and the Changing Role of College Libraries