THE ACCESSIBLE PATH TO LEADERSHIP: ACCESSIBILITY AT GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) Status Report 2017 Why Accessibility Matters As a college and public sector organization, George Brown College is committed to creating an accessible organization by preventing and removing barriers for people with disabilities and demonstrating leadership for accessibility throughout the college sector and Ontario. To make accessibility a reality throughout the organization, we recognize that all employees have a role in creating an accessible and inclusive college. Our goal is to ensure accessibility for all of our employees, our students and our community members who access services, products, resources or any of the facilities operated by the College. Where Are We Now: Implementing our Obligations under the AODA Legislative Updates There were no new legislative updates introduced in 2017. The next major step towards accessibility in our sector will be the creation of the Education Accessibility Standard which reflects Ontario’s ongoing commitment to making education more accessible for students with disabilities. In December 2017, the Accessibility Directorate of Ontario confirmed that selections have been made for two Chairs of the Standards Development Committees (SDC) who will lead the creation of a new Education Accessibility Standard to remove accessibility barriers for students. Membership for both the K-12 SDC and the PSE SDC are currently being finalized, with first meetings expected early 2018. Multi-Year Plan George Brown College continues to work in accordance with the multi-year plan developed to meet our organizational obligations under the AODA, Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation (O. Reg. 191/11, s. 4 (1) (2)). As the AODA obligations are far-reaching with varying levels of responsibility across the college, our multi-year plan reflects a strategic approach to implementation that assigns leadership and responsibility to various groups to ensure our accessibility goals are met. 2 The multi-year plan is a fluid document and framework that provides high level deliverables and activities, and is updated as progress continues at the college. College Committees The college continues its accessibility-related work within the parameters of the George Brown College AODA Committee, comprised of senior leaders representing a cross section of key areas and employees of the college who champion and are accountable for the successful implementation of the accessibility initiatives as they relate to the AODA. The AODA Coordinator serves as a resource throughout the college who provides leadership and expertise, and is accountable for the development, progression and execution of the college’s accessibility strategy. Provincial Committees George Brown College continues its representation on the following provincial committees: ● Human Resources Colleges Committee (HRCC) AODA Committee ● Heads of Library and Learning Resources (HLLR) AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries Annual Report The college continues to support all previous and ongoing milestones and initiatives outlined in the college’s multi-year plan. Each year a status report is prepared that outlines our achievements including: • Meeting the current legislative requirement, • Reporting on recent activities identified within our multi-year plan and • Identifying related accessibility initiatives that continue to prevent and remove barriers, college wide. AODA, Status Report 2017