to ensure that the position has sufficient support and infrastructure in place going forward. • The AODA Coordinator responded to feedback from our community by liaising with TTC WheelTrans to improve services for the GBC Community, including the implementation of increased signage and stop improvements, at our 200 King St E. location. Facilities ● Facilities continues to address the physical assets of GBC’s aging infrastructure to better meet the requirements of the AODA, the OHRC, and the Ontario Building Code. ● Many service counters throughout the college have been changed from high, transaction tops to lower counter heights to accommodate accessibility. ● The new college standard for furniture includes powered sit-to-stand desks with variable height capabilities that allow proper adjustments to suit all users. ● These desks have been ordered for classrooms and will continue to be implemented as funds become available. Facilities staff is currently working with academic departments to prioritize which classrooms require these tables. ● Painting of walls now includes the painting of door frames in a contrasting colour to enhance visible difference per AODA/Building Code requirements. ● “All-Gender” washroom signage has been established through consultation and implemented into the college signage standard. Human Resources ● Applicants continue to be notified about the availability of accommodation during the recruitment process, and consultation occurs with applicants and employees to arrange and provide accommodations. ● To increase accessibility, documents and email templates in Word and Cornerstone that are used throughout the talent acquisition process have been updated to reflect accessibility best practices and to strengthen AODA compliance, including: Interview Guidelines; Mini-Lesson Guidelines; Offer Letter Emails; Interview Schedule template; Education Verification Form. 10 ● Individualized Emergency Accommodation Plans for employees with disabilities continue to be created with the input of the employee with reference to their specific needs. The creation of individualized plans is led by the Manager - Safety and Wellness, in consultation with Security, Human Resources, and the AODA Coordinator (as needed). Library, Academic Services & Learning Resources ● In addition to the range of accessible library services offered, George Brown College Library continues to respond to alternate format requests of library materials to registered students, faculty and staff with a perceptual disability as defined in the Canadian Copyright Act, using ACE, the Accessible Content e- Portal. ● The Library continues to reconfigure existing space to enhance accessibility by improving service areas. Casa Loma Library installed a new service desk with service points that meet accessibility standards. The St. James Library service desk is scheduled to be updated by the end of winter term. ● GBC library has installed six new height adjustable tables at St. James, three at Waterfront, and three at Casa Loma which increases the total from one at each library. ● Prodigi devices for low vision users have been installed at St. James, Casa Loma, and Waterfront LLCs, Assessment Centres and Adaptive Technology Labs. ● GBC library is currently working with ALS to develop a Service Level Agreement that outlines service development and responsibility to ensure a better service experience for all students. College Libraries Ontario