students were given the opportunity to meet staff from the service areas, have a guided tour of their campus, engage in social activities with peers, and learn about strategies and supports which will promote their success at College. • Last spring, staff from Accessible Learning Services met with colleagues from Operations and the Financial Aid office to streamline bursary application processes. Wait times for students and miscommunication around OSAP’s Bursaries for Students with Disabilities (BSWD) have since been greatly reduced. • The ALS team identified and authored a Systemic Barriers Identification document which outlined the primary systemic barriers that students experience at the college. Recommendations for next steps include promoting accessible classroom materials and UDL design of courses, etc. and meeting with the Registrar’s office to review processes. This document will be used to guide departmental initiatives as we continue to remove barriers for students. • The Accessible Learning Services Policy was revised in August 2016 in response to the OHRC Mental Health Directives. It includes updated language around the name of the department, mental health accommodation, roles and responsibilities as well as a criteria and procedures for retroactive accommodations. The updated policy has been approved as of December 2018 and uploaded to the GBC website. • Accessible Learning Services is providing greater departmental support and response to serious accommodation complaints from students with the goal of facilitating a faster resolution so that students can resume their studies and have increased opportunities to be successful in their programs. • A project is now underway to review and redevelop intake processes with the goal of providing a more streamlined process for students which is aligned with new OSAP requirements including updates to OSAP Disability Verification. 6 • ALS is developing a Hub or community on Blackboard for faculty and students to use and source accommodation related information. • Accessible Learning Services launched “CALM Zone” a drop-in session at two campuses during the fall semester to provide a quiet place for students with disabilities to connect. Two Peer Coaches were hired and trained to work with students with a variety of disabilities. Captioning: Blackboard Collaborate • The college has contracted with Blackboard to offer live captioning for Collaborate sessions. This service offers 200 words per minute live captioning in English with an accuracy of 98%. To request live captioning, a 48-hour lead time is required, along with details regarding the session date, time, duration and Collaborate link, emailed to the Captioned Media Coordinator. • ALS, ELTI and the Captioned Media Coordinator partnered to develop a process to ensure that students with relevant accommodation plans can receive captioning when participating in Blackboard Collaborate sessions. Career Services • Career Services created an accommodation statement for staff email signatures, directing students on how to request accommodations, such as an interpreter, with a link to the Career Services staff directory webpage. • Five members of the Career Services team completed Accessible Documents Training (PDF) in 2018. • All Career Services staff are up to date on AODA and OHRC online training modules for 2018. • In collaboration with