how to make documents accessible at staff/department meetings. • Additional training provided (upon request) on web and email accessibility best practices, specifically as it relates to email campaigns and the creation of landing pages to support such campaigns. Departments receiving this training to date include: Alumni Services; Communications; Strategy and Innovation. Accessible Formats and Communication Supports ● The College continues its commitment to arrange for accessible formats and communication supports (upon request) in a timely manner at a cost that is no more than the regular charge to others. ● The College continues to meet its obligations with the following initiatives: ○ ASL English Interpreter for College Employees and Events role; ○ TTY service via 1-877-515-5559, as posted throughout the GBC website and directed to the GBC Contact Centre, with a line in Deaf Services; ○ UbiDuo technology and Boogie Boards to support communication for GBC Service Centers; ○ Captioned Media and eText Policy (established 2006). ○ Career Services is in the process of implementing a Visual Relay Service (VRS) pilot project to assess compatibility for providing on demand, accessible services that enables people who use sign language to communicate with voice telephone users. ○ The Contact Centre is working on a plan to roll out SMS text messaging services, Spring 2019. Accessible Learning Services (ALS) • ALS introduced the role of Access and Inclusion Coach, to provide hands-on, tailored and supportive guidance to teaching faculty across the college in how to implement academic accommodations effectively and how to apply Universal 5 Design for Learning strategies to maximize access and inclusion while maintaining academic standards. • The Work Integrated Learning / Accessible Learning Pilot was initiated to widen access and increase inclusion in field placement experiences for students with disabilities. The project covers a wide spectrum of development, including mapping a process to guide students in determining needs in field placement, from students who do not need accommodations but do need education and skills for self-advocacy and pro-active planning, to students who have complex needs requiring accommodations. Key components of the project include education and training for Accessibility Consultants, Career Advisors, and Field Placement Advisors with workshop and resource development. • In August 2018, Accessible Learning Services and Counselling co-hosted a three-day summer transition experience for 45 new students with disabilities. These first year students were given the opportunity to meet staff from the service areas, have a guided tour of their campus, engage in social activities with peers, and learn about strategies and supports which will promote their success at College. • Last spring, staff from Accessible Learning Services met with colleagues from Operations and the Financial Aid office to streamline bursary application processes. Wait times for students and miscommunication around OSAP’s Bursaries for Students with Disabilities (BSWD) have since been greatly reduced. • The ALS team identified and authored a Systemic Barriers Identification document which outlined the primary systemic barriers that students experience at the college. Recommendations for next steps include promoting accessible classroom materials and UDL design of courses, etc. and meeting with the Registrar’s office to review processes.