an increased rate of students are completing the online trainings in a timely manner with positive outcomes. • With a large volume of student and graduate hires, the department has become more flexible in accommodating busy schedules (i.e. students hired on timesheets versus on regular schedule). This strategy prevents issues related to scheduling and improved overall satisfaction of our students, meanwhile increasing flexibility. ● The department continues to plan for new strategies that incorporate AODA, Diversity and Inclusion into the projects students and graduates are hired for, including: o Observing our selection process more closely, including how diversity is incorporated into the selection process, in addition to grades, performance, and referrals. o Creating and maintaining inclusive, accurate and detailed job descriptions for the positions we are hiring for when necessary. o Communicating and providing more resources, information and supporting continuous departmental meetings for staff and Project Managers to bring awareness to equitable recruitment practices and procedures. o Increasing creativity and collaboration between GBC’s departments to attract a more diverse population for research projects, including both students and faculty. 12 Website Publishing Team • Use of web service (Siteimprove) to regularly monitor the georgebrown.ca website for accessibility issues. • Regular meetings with Digital Experience Manager to identify priority accessibility issues flagged by Siteimprove, to be assigned to ITS for fixing. • Liaising with external vendors to ensure brochures, booklets, and other materials for the college are accessible. • Running accessibility checks on all documents sent to the Website Publishing Team before posting to georgebrown.ca • Testing of new HTML templates and/or dynamic web tools for accessibility issues, prior launching live pages. • Testing web service tools (e.g. Algonquin’s Course Outline Retrieval page) for accessibility. • Testing email templates (e.g. Pardot CRM) for accessibility issues and recommending fixes. • Engaging the services of an external accessibility consultant for college departments and divisions, to help convert their digital documents to accessible versions. • The Website Publishing Team’s shared email account’s signature block now contains the following section on Accessible Documents: In order to ensure the college meets its obligations under the requirements of the AODA, all documents (PDF, Word, Excel, PowerPoint etc.) sent to the Web Publishing Team for posting on the main college website must be accessible. For more information on document accessibility, visit the Accessibility section of the GBC website or the Accessible Digital Office Document Project website, or register on My Learning for an upcoming “Creating Accessible Documents” training session. Moving Forward George Brown College is committed to continuing to meet the forthcoming AODA obligations of 2020 and 2021, including: s.18 Educational libraries (2020) to provide, procure or acquire accessible or conversion-ready format of digital based resources (upon request). (Special collections and archival material are exempted). • The Library eResources Accessibility Project (LEAP) is an CLO-directed initiative currently in development to assist Ontario college libraries in upholding accessibility best practices and becoming compliant with the requirements of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) January 1, 2020 deadline 13 for ensuring the accessibility of electronic resources (IASR, 2011, s. 18(3)). For