request live captioning, a 48-hour lead time is required, along with details regarding the session date, time, duration and Collaborate link, emailed to the Captioned Media Coordinator. • ALS, ELTI and the Captioned Media Coordinator partnered to develop a process to ensure that students with relevant accommodation plans can receive captioning when participating in Blackboard Collaborate sessions. Career Services • Career Services created an accommodation statement for staff email signatures, directing students on how to request accommodations, such as an interpreter, with a link to the Career Services staff directory webpage. • Five members of the Career Services team completed Accessible Documents Training (PDF) in 2018. • All Career Services staff are up to date on AODA and OHRC online training modules for 2018. • In collaboration with Accessible Learning Services for the Work Integrated Learning (WIL) Task Force, Career Services created a multi-delivery workshop (with a full length lecture-style option and a two-part web-based series) for Student with Disabilities on disclosure and accommodation for Work Integrated Learning. Additional workshop for transitioning into WIL placement currently in development for Winter 2019. • Developing workshop content in collaboration with the School of Deaf and Deafblind Studies, for a three-day employability training session for Deaf and Hard of Hearing students focused on resume, interview and career readiness skills to be delivered in Winter 2019 semester. • Addition of a large print reader in Career Services and Accessible Learning Services student space at Casa Loma Campus. • Hosted an inclusive hiring event with Scotiabank at St James campus in October 2018, which was attended by 23 students with disabilities. Deaf Services were 7 onsite to provide ASL-English interpreting services for student/employer discussions. • Career Services is currently implementing a Visual Relay Service (VRS) pilot project to assess compatibility for providing on demand, accessible service to Deaf students of the college on an as needed basis. This would be a supplemental service to the formal ASL interpreting support provided by Deaf Services. Deaf and Hard of Hearing Services • Deaf and Hard of Hearing Services (DHHS) has formed a partnership with the Honours Bachelor of Interpretation (American Sign Language – English) program to provide a more formalized opportunity for interpreting students to obtain their practicum hours. o Practicum students are required to complete a minimum number of hours observation, including a set minimum number of hours of consecutive/simultaneous interpreting. o Scheduling will be done by the BAI with input from DHHS with regards to interpreter availability and interest. • The DHHS team hosted several activities throughout the month September, for National Deaf Awareness Month: o Staff hosted “International Day of Sign Language and International Week of the Deaf” on September 24-28. o Partnered with ASL Club Toronto and Student Association, showcasing movies featuring Deaf characters, including: The Hammer, Shape of Water, Children of a Lesser God, A Quiet Place, Wonderstruck. • Hosted “A Quiet Place,” an ongoing event running every Friday from October to December 2018. The workshop focuses on learning and practicing ASL. It is a very casual and fun environment to communicate in ASL;