reconfigure existing space to enhance accessibility by improving service areas. Casa Loma Library installed a new service desk with service points that meet accessibility standards. The St. James Library service desk is scheduled to be updated by the end of winter term. ● GBC library has installed six new height adjustable tables at St. James, three at Waterfront, and three at Casa Loma which increases the total from one at each library. ● Prodigi devices for low vision users have been installed at St. James, Casa Loma, and Waterfront LLCs, Assessment Centres and Adaptive Technology Labs. ● GBC library is currently working with ALS to develop a Service Level Agreement that outlines service development and responsibility to ensure a better service experience for all students. College Libraries Ontario ● Work continues on LEAP - Library eResources Accessibility Project, a CLO- directed initiative currently in development to assist Ontario college libraries in upholding accessibility best practices and becoming compliant with the requirements of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) January 1, 2020 deadline for ensuring the accessibility of electronic resources (IASR, 2011, s. 18(3)). ● College Libraries Ontario (CLO) continue to support equitable access to open learning resources and services via The Learning Portal and the OER Toolkit. ● GBC maintains its representation as Chair on the AODA Committee for College Libraries Ontario (CLO), and advises on accessibility standards in the development of CLO projects, such as the Learning Portal. 11 Research and Innovation ● GBC’s Research & Innovation department continues to improve awareness and communication around accessibility beyond the initial hiring stage, with a focus on accommodation throughout students and graduates onboarding: o Onboarding communication emails include accessibility / accommodation statements. o Onboarding can be done in-person but also through phone and computer screen sharing to accommodate students, including those who live far from campus. o Mandatory online AODA & OHSA training has become more interactive, resulting in students able to apply their knowledge to their workplace. o An increased rate of students who are satisfied with the training procedures, methods and flexibility of an accessible online training. o The benefits and importance of completing the AODA modules are emphasized during the onboarding process. ▪ Deadlines and importance of mandatory training have been communicated more clearly and strictly; ▪ As a result, an increased rate of students are completing the online trainings in a timely manner with positive outcomes. • With a large volume of student and graduate hires, the department has become more flexible in accommodating busy schedules (i.e. students hired on timesheets versus on regular schedule). This strategy prevents issues related to scheduling and improved overall satisfaction of our students, meanwhile increasing flexibility. ● The department continues to plan for new strategies that incorporate AODA, Diversity and Inclusion into the projects students and graduates are hired for, including: o Observing our selection process more closely, including how diversity is incorporated into the selection process, in addition to grades, performance, and referrals. o Creating and maintaining inclusive, accurate and detailed job descriptions for the positions we are hiring for