observation, including a set minimum number of hours of consecutive/simultaneous interpreting. o Scheduling will be done by the BAI with input from DHHS with regards to interpreter availability and interest. • The DHHS team hosted several activities throughout the month September, for National Deaf Awareness Month: o Staff hosted “International Day of Sign Language and International Week of the Deaf” on September 24-28. o Partnered with ASL Club Toronto and Student Association, showcasing movies featuring Deaf characters, including: The Hammer, Shape of Water, Children of a Lesser God, A Quiet Place, Wonderstruck. • Hosted “A Quiet Place,” an ongoing event running every Friday from October to December 2018. The workshop focuses on learning and practicing ASL. It is a very casual and fun environment to communicate in ASL; split in 3 groups, (beginning, intermediate and advanced levels) with games and activities for each session. • Hosted “Meet and Greet,” an event focused on getting to know the new Deaf Counselor and the Deaf Peer Coach who presented on the services they provide. This event provided Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students the opportunity to meet and learn more about who to contact if they need help and support. • Coordinated an open event for students from Deaf Upgrading Program, American Sign Language and Deaf Studies program, Intervenor for Deafblind Persons program, Deaf and hard of hearing students from other programs and staff to attend and socialize during lunch hour, with an emphasis on meeting new people in an ASL environment. 8 • Partnered with the GBC Food Bank and Community Action Centre for the event “Play, Nibble and Chill” at the end of November. It focused on getting to know the services of the Food Bank and Community Action Centre in a relaxed environment that included eating food and playing games. Many Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students increased their understanding of the services available, and they will now stop by and hang at Community Action Centre any time. • Offered the “De-Stress Holiday Relief Workshop” focused on learning more on the tools of time management and how to cope with stress, followed by destress games / activities. • Completed 10 videos, ranging from faculty focused information videos, to testimonials from our Deaf graduates. • The department plans to continue existing projects through 2019 and offer new initiatives including: o Resuming “A Quiet Place” at St James Campus and introducing this event at Casa Loma and finding Deaf Space for Casa Loma. o Setting up Nutrition and Wellbeing workshops for St James and Casa Loma Campuses. o Offering Meet and Greet with the Food Bank and Community Action Centre event at Casa Loma. o Working with DEHRS on an event featuring a Deaf Indigenous presenter; hoping to partner with Indigenous Education & Services as well. o Partnering with DEHRS to set up workshops on Human Rights and Sexual Violence Prevention for Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students. Diversity, Equity and Human Rights Services • The College filed the 2017 Accessibility Compliance Report with the Accessibility Directorate of Ontario. • Continuing to strengthen