Review of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act is due January 31, 2019. The Ontario government will be waiting to review Mr. Onley’s report before considering the best path forward to further improving accessibility in Ontario. 3 Multi-Year Plan George Brown College continues to work in accordance with the Multi-Year Accessibility Plan developed to meet our organizational obligations under the AODA, Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation (O. Reg. 191/11, s. 4 (1) (2)). As GBC’s AODA obligations are far-reaching with varying levels of responsibility across the college, our multi-year plan reflects a strategic approach to implementation that assigns leadership and responsibility to various groups to ensure our accessibility goals are met. The multi-year plan is a fluid document and framework that provides high level deliverables and activities, and is updated as progress continues at the college. College Committees The college continues its accessibility-related work within the parameters of the George Brown College AODA Committee, comprised of a cross-section of employees who represent key areas accountable for the successful implementation of accessibility initiatives as they relate to the AODA, as well as employees who are accessibility champions. The AODA Coordinator serves as a resource throughout the college who provides leadership and expertise, and is accountable for coordinating the development, progression and execution of the college’s accessibility strategy. Provincial Committees George Brown College continues its representation on the following provincial committees: ● Human Resources Colleges Committee (HRCC) AODA Committee ● College Libraries Ontario (CLO) AODA Committee for Ontario College Libraries Annual Status Report The college continues to support all previous and ongoing milestones and initiatives outlined in the college’s multi-year plan. Each year a status report is prepared that outlines our achievements including: • Meeting the current legislative requirement, • Reporting on recent activities identified within our multi-year plan and • Identifying related accessibility initiatives that continue to prevent and remove barriers, college wide. 4 AODA, Status Report 2018: Achievements, Activities and Related Initiatives Accessible Document and Web Accessibility Training • The Assistant Webmaster – Marketing, continues to offer monthly training sessions for faculty & staff on creating accessible documents (MS Word, PDF), available for registration on Cornerstone, My Learning. • One-on-one support for faculty & staff (email, phone, Skype, in person) when repeated attempts to make documents accessible have failed. • Presenting best practices on how to make documents accessible at staff/department meetings. • Additional training provided (upon request) on web and email accessibility best practices, specifically as it relates to email campaigns and the creation of landing pages to support such campaigns. Departments receiving this training to date include: Alumni Services; Communications; Strategy and Innovation. Accessible Formats and Communication Supports ● The College continues its commitment to arrange for accessible formats and communication supports (upon request) in a timely manner at a cost that is no more than the regular charge to others. ● The College continues to meet its obligations with the following initiatives: ○ ASL English Interpreter for College Employees and Events role; ○ TTY service via 1-877-515-5559, as posted throughout the GBC website and directed to the GBC Contact