and offer new initiatives including: o Resuming “A Quiet Place” at St James Campus and introducing this event at Casa Loma and finding Deaf Space for Casa Loma. o Setting up Nutrition and Wellbeing workshops for St James and Casa Loma Campuses. o Offering Meet and Greet with the Food Bank and Community Action Centre event at Casa Loma. o Working with DEHRS on an event featuring a Deaf Indigenous presenter; hoping to partner with Indigenous Education & Services as well. o Partnering with DEHRS to set up workshops on Human Rights and Sexual Violence Prevention for Deaf and Hard of Hearing Students. Diversity, Equity and Human Rights Services • The College filed the 2017 Accessibility Compliance Report with the Accessibility Directorate of Ontario. • Continuing to strengthen relationships and accessibility support throughout the college through one on one support, outreach activities, and partnerships. • Throughout the winter and spring semesters, “Accessibility Tips” were sent to all staff fortnightly via GBC Update, to help the community become better acquainted with the college’s obligations under the AODA, and to support accessibility best practices college-wide. • AODA Coordinator guest lectured in several GBC classrooms on the topic of accessibility best practices and AODA compliance; also presented in faculty meetings, and met one on one with faculty and staff to build accessibility competencies to help facilitate AODA compliance. • Drafted “Accessibility Requirements and Workflow: Classroom Resources & Supports” a document that synthesizes the process and supports available in support of accessible classrooms. • Further to the joint statement by Vice President, Academic and Vice President, Student Success renewing the college’s ongoing commitment accessible 9 resources, key stakeholders drafted the “Accessible Document Remediation Strategy Proposal” that identified gaps at the college and made recommendations for a streamlined workflow and support system for the remediation of documents. • Refreshed all content throughout the AODA website pages to improve user experience and access to information. • Posted the AODA compliant template for service disruptions publicly and redistributed it to Facilities and other departments throughout the college. • Introduced aoda@georgebrown.ca for streamlined communication. • The organizational reporting for the role of ASL-English Interpreter for College Employees & Events was realigned from DEHRS to Deaf and Hard of Hearing Services. The role itself has not changed but this organizational move was made to ensure that the position has sufficient support and infrastructure in place going forward. • The AODA Coordinator responded to feedback from our community by liaising with TTC WheelTrans to improve services for the GBC Community, including the implementation of increased signage and stop improvements, at our 200 King St E. location. Facilities ● Facilities continues to address the physical assets of GBC’s aging infrastructure to better meet the requirements of the AODA, the OHRC, and the Ontario Building Code. ● Many service counters throughout the college have been changed from high, transaction tops to lower counter heights to accommodate accessibility. ● The new college standard for furniture includes powered sit-to-stand desks with variable height capabilities that allow proper adjustments to suit all users. ● These desks have