if a Dependent, other than a newborn child, is hospitalized on the date when the change occurs, the change in the Dependent’s coverage cannot take effect before the Dependent is discharged from hospital. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 11 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Section 8 - Termination of Coverage When coverage Benefit coverage will end on the earliest of the following dates: ends ▪ the date your employment terminates. For Active Employees ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which the premium is paid for your insurance. ▪ the date you die. ▪ for Long Term Disability (LTD), the date you retire, the date you attain age 64 and 6 months, whichever is earlier. ▪ for Supplemental Life, Employee Pay-All Life and Dependent Life, the end of the month in which you attain age 65, but no later than August 31st following your 65th birthday if you are actively at work. ▪ for Critical Illness, see Section 16. When your group Life Insurance coverage ends or reduces, refer to Section 15 for details about converting it to an individual Life Insurance policy. For Dependent(s) of Your Dependent’s coverage will end on the earliest of the following Active Employees dates: ▪ the date your coverage ends. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid for the Dependent coverage. ▪ the date the Dependent no longer meets the definition of an eligible Dependent. ▪ the date you die. Survivor Benefits may be elected by your Dependents for Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care) and Dental Care coverage (see Section 9). Coverage after If you retire, you may continue certain benefits. You must enrol in the Retirement CAAT Retiree benefit plan within 31 days of the date of your retirement. Please request information from your College’s Benefits Administrator or refer to the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca for an explanation of eligibility requirements and the benefits available to retiring employees. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 12 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Section 9 - Survivor Benefits Survivor Benefits Provided you are participating in the Dependent coverage for Extended For Eligible Health Care, (including Vision Care, Hearing Care) and Dental Care Dependent(s) of Active when you die, coverage for your eligible Dependents will continue Employees until the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the last day of the sixth month following the month in which you die, unless the survivor elects to continue the coverage. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid by the survivor. ▪ the date the benefit provision under which the Dependent is covered terminates. ▪ the date the group contract terminates. ▪ the date the survivor would no longer be considered the employee’s dependent if the employee were still alive . ▪ the date the survivor cancels