expenses related to that emergency. An emergency ends when you are medically stable to return to the province where you live. Emergency services Any expenses related to the following emergency services are not excluded from coverage covered: ▪ services that are not immediately required or which could reasonably be delayed until you return to the province where you live, unless your medical condition reasonably prevents you from returning to that province prior to receiving the medical services. ▪ services relating to an illness or injury which caused the emergency, after such emergency ends. ▪ continuing services, arising directly or indirectly out of the original emergency or any recurrence of it, after the date that Sun Life or Sun Life’s ETA provider, based on available medical evidence, determines that you can be returned to the province where you live, and you refuse to return. ▪ services which are required for the same illness or injury for which you received emergency services, including any complications arising out of that illness or injury, if you had Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 27 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC unreasonably refused or neglected to receive the recommended medical services. ▪ where the trip was taken to obtain medical services for an illness or injury, services related to that illness or injury, including any complications or any emergency arising directly or indirectly out of that illness or injury. Referred services Referred services must be for the treatment of an illness and ordered in writing by a doctor located in the province where you live. The Plan will pay 80% of the costs of referred services. Your provincial medicare plan must agree in writing to pay benefits for the referred services. All referred services must be: ▪ obtained in Canada, if available, regardless of any waiting lists, and ▪ covered by the medicare plan in the province where you live. However, if referred services are not available in Canada, they may be obtained outside of Canada. Emergency services Expenses incurred for emergency services outside Canada are subject outside Canada to a lifetime maximum of $2,000,000 per person or, if lower, any other applicable lifetime maximum. Emergency Travel In this section, you means the employee and all dependents covered for Assistance Emergency Travel Assistance benefits. General description of If you are faced with a medical emergency when travelling outside of the coverage the province where you live, Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider can help. (Information regarding Sun Life’s ETA provider can be found on the Sun Life Financial Plan Member Services website at www.mysunlife.ca) Emergency means an acute illness or accidental injury that requires immediate, medically necessary treatment prescribed by a doctor. This benefit, called Medi-Passport, supplements the emergency Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 28 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC portion of your Extended Health Care coverage. It only covers emergency services that you obtain within 60 days of leaving the province where you live. If hospitalization occurs within this time period, in-patient services