your spouse’s children (other than foster children) are eligible dependents if they are not married or in any other formal union recognized by law, and are under age 21. A child who is a full-time student attending an educational institution recognized under the Income Tax Act (Canada) is also considered an eligible dependent until the age of 25 as long as the child is entirely dependent on you for financial support. If a child becomes disabled before the limiting age, we will continue coverage as long as: ▪ The child is incapable of financial self-support because of a physical or mental disability, and ▪ The child depends on you for financial support, and is not married nor in any other formal union recognized by law. In these cases, you must notify your College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of the date the child attains the limiting age. In addition, a Disabled Child Coverage form must be completed and sent to Sun Life within 6 months of the date the child attains the limiting age. Your employer can give you more information about this. Doctor A doctor is a physician or surgeon who is licensed to practise medicine where that practice is located. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 4 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Eligibility Conditions that must be satisfied in order to participate in the Plan, and Requirements obtain a benefit. Employee You are employed by the College on a full-time basis as an Academic employee and covered by the terms of the Academic Collective Agreement. Hospital Hospital is defined as a legally operated institution which is primarily engaged in providing, for compensation from its patients, medical, diagnostic and surgical facilities for the care and treatment of sick and injured persons on an in-patient basis, and provides such facilities under the supervision of a staff of doctors with a 24 hour a day nursing service by registered nurses. Notwithstanding the above, hospital shall mean a legally operated institution in which a person establishes, to the satisfaction of Sun Life, that such confinement was for active treatment that would normally be found in a general hospital. In no event will that part of an institution which operates as a home for the aged, rest home, nursing home, chronic care facility or a place for the care and treatment of drug addicts or alcoholics be considered a hospital for the purpose of this contract. Facilities and The Plan does not cover the facility nor the services provided in a services that are not nursing home, rest home, home for the aged or chronically ill, covered sanatorium, convalescent hospital or a facility for treating alcohol or drug abuse or beds set aside for any of these purposes in a hospital. Palliative Care Services for palliative care provided in a hospital, as defined under Regulation 964 under the Public Hospitals Act, R.S.O. 1990, c.P-40 are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Services for palliative care provided at Casey House or any other hospice which is approved for hospital purposes pursuant