to be adjudicated. For Accidental Death & If you suffer a loss other than death, the following must occur within Dismemberment Claims six months of the loss: (Applicable only to ▪ A claim form must be completed by the College. employees) ▪ A claim form must be completed by you. ▪ The completed claim forms along with an Attending Physician’s Statement clearly indicating the date and details of the accident, the nature of the injury, the date of loss and the degree of loss must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. Death Claim for your In the event of the death of a Dependent, the following must occur as Dependent(s) soon as possible after the death of a dependent: ▪ A claim form must be completed by the College. ▪ A claim form must be completed by you. ▪ The completed claim forms along with a death certificate from your Dependent’s attending physician or funeral home must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. It normally takes 3-4 weeks to process a claim, however, this may vary Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 60 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims depending on the circumstances of each case. Sun Life makes every effort to keep the College’s Benefits Administrator informed of the status of the claim. Making a Critical Illness Insurance Claim How to make a claim Your College’s Benefits Administrator must be contacted immediately, and will assist you or your beneficiary with the process associated with filing a death claim. Your Critical Illness In the event you are diagnosed with one or more of the insured Critical Claim Illness conditions, the following must occur as soon as possible after your diagnosis: ▪ a claim form must be completed by you ▪ the completed claim form along with supporting medical evidence must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated If you have any questions about your claim, please contact your benefits Administrator or Sun Life’s customer Service department toll- free at 1-800-669-7921 (or in Toronto area call 416-408-7390). It normally takes 3-4 weeks to process a claim, however, this may vary depending on the circumstances of each case. Sun Life will make every effort to keep the Benefits Administrator informed of the status of your claim. You may send the completed claim form directly to Sun Life at the following address: Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada Association & Affinity Business P.O. Box 4097, Station A Toronto, ON M5W 2Z5 Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 61 Respecting your privacy Our Purpose is to help our Clients achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. We collect, use and disclose your personal information to: develop and deliver the right products and services; enhance your experience and manage our business operations; perform underwriting, administration and claims adjudication; protect against fraud, errors or misrepresentations; tell you about other products and services; and meet legal and security obligations. We collect it directly from you,