the continuance of benefits and must be obtained and returned to Sun Life promptly (usually within 90 days) in order to avoid unnecessary interruptions or delays in your benefit payments. In the event you no longer qualify as totally disabled Sun Life will notify the College Benefits Administrator who is responsible for notifying you. Medical examination At the time your application is made for Long Term Disability benefits, medical information must be included. In the event that Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 45 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Sun Life is unable to render a decision on the claim based on the medical information provided, Sun Life may arrange for you to have an Independent Medical Examination (IME), at their expense. Your co-operation in complying with Sun Life’s request for an IME is very important because without the appropriate medical information Sun Life cannot approve the claim and benefits cannot be paid. An IME may also be required as proof of continuing disability. Return to Work When you recover and are able to return to full-time employment, Long Term Disability will cease on the date you return to work. The College has an obligation under the Human Rights Code to provide 'reasonable accommodation' for disabled employees. This may involve modifications to the job or your workplace. If there is potential for rehabilitation, you will be contacted by either your College’s Benefits Administrator or a Sun Life counsellor. However, you can also initiate this activity by contacting the College’s Benefits Administrator, and/or the Sun Life counsellor looking after your case. Rehabilitation In the event you are unable to return to full-time employment, you are Program encouraged to participate in a gradual return-to-work program that could involve a period of part-time work leading up to a return to full- time work. During this period, you may qualify for rehabilitation income under the Long Term Disability Plan provided the program has been approved in writing by Sun Life. Where there is the possibility of rehabilitation in order to return to work, you, your physician, the College, or Sun Life may initiate the process. Successful rehabilitation is a team effort and includes participation from Sun Life, the College, your Union Local Representative, your attending doctor and you. Payment during During your rehabilitation program, you may receive your Long-Term Rehabilitation Disability payments plus income from other sources. However, the Long-Term Disability payments will be reduced by 50% of the income you receive under the rehabilitation program. If during any month your total income is more than 100% of your pre-disability basic earnings, indexed for inflation (less provincial and federal income taxes if your benefit is non-taxable), your Long-Term Disability payments will be reduced by the excess. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 46 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Interrupted periods Interrupted periods of total disability due to the same or related causes of disability during occurring before the elimination period has been completed are treated elimination period as one period of disability and are accumulated to complete the elimination period