discuss the impact on your Pension Plan (CAAT) College Pension. Elimination period The elimination period is the period commencing on the date you become totally disabled and ending on the later of: ▪ the completion of 130 working days of uninterrupted total disability (including statutory and college holidays) in a 12 month period, or ▪ the last day benefits are payable under any Short-Term disability, loss of income or other salary continuation plan. You are not required to use all of your sick leave credits, however, as indicated above, if you do elect to use some or all of your sick leave credits, Long Term Disability payments will not begin while you are receiving payments under your employer’s sick leave plan. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 44 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability When coverage Long-Term Disability coverage will end on the earlier of the following ends dates: ▪ the day you reach age 65 less the elimination period. ▪ the day you retire. Coverage may also end on an earlier date, as specified in General Information. How will I receive my The Long Term Disability Plan pays in advance. This means that your benefits? first benefit payment is due the first day after completion of the elimination period indicated on the application form submitted by the College. Subsequent payments are made on the first day of each month that you continue to qualify for benefits under the terms of the group contract. You will be given the option of receiving your benefit payments by either cheque or electronic funds transfer directly into your bank account. To ensure the accuracy of your disability benefit payments, you must advise your College’s Benefits Administrator immediately if: ▪ your medical condition changes. ▪ you begin to receive any other income (i.e., Canada Pension Disability Benefits, or you return to work, either full time or part time. Your College’s Benefits Administrator is responsible for informing Sun Life if you return to work. Proof of disability Once the claim is approved, proof of your continuing disability will be required from time to time depending on the medical evidence previously supplied by your doctor. Sun Life will send the appropriate documents when this information is required. The information requested will be used to determine your eligibility for the continuance of benefits and must be obtained and returned to Sun Life promptly (usually within 90 days) in order to avoid unnecessary interruptions or delays in your benefit payments. In the event you no longer qualify as totally disabled Sun Life will notify the College Benefits Administrator who is responsible for notifying you. Medical examination At the time your application is made for Long Term Disability benefits, medical information must be included. In the event that Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 45 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Sun Life is unable to render a decision on the claim based on the medical information provided, Sun Life may arrange for you to have an Independent Medical Examination (IME), at their expense. Your co-operation in