in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your While the Dependent Life Insurance benefit is in effect with Sun Dependent Life Life, you may apply to convert your spouse’s Life coverage to an Insurance individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. This is not available for dependent children. How long do I have to You have 31 days from the date your Dependent Life insurance ceases convert my spouse's life to convert to a private policy with Sun Life. insurance? What happens if my If your Spouse dies during this 31 day conversion period, the spouse dies during the conversion amount of Dependent Life Insurance coverage will be paid conversion period? as a death claim to you. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 50 Contract No. 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Critical Illness Insurance Section 18 – Critical Illness Insurance General Description Critical Illness insurance provides protection that Long Term of Coverage Disability, Life Insurance, and Extended Health Care insurance coverages do not. Following the diagnosis of a critical illness and a prescribed survival period, this insurance pays a one-time, lump-sum benefit (see Critical Illness brochure for additional information). Eligibility You are eligible to apply for coverage for yourself and/or your spouse provided you are a Partial-Load Academic employee of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology. To qualify, you must: ▪ be between the ages of 18 and 69 ▪ reside in Canada ▪ be actively at work ▪ provide proof of good health Eligibility Date Is the date following the completion of the Waiting Period of one continuous month of Partial-Load employment. Coverage Coverage is available to you and your spouse up to a maximum of $200,000 in units of $25,000. Coverage Effective ▪ If you and your spouse apply on your Eligibility Date (or prior Date to), any amount of coverage that does not require medical information $50,000 or less) will be effective on your Eligibility Date. ▪ If you and your spouse apply within 31 days following your Eligibility Date, any amount of coverage that does not require medical information ($50,000 or less) will be effective on the date the application form was signed. Your Human Resources Department must be in receipt of your signed application form within the 31 days following your Eligibility Date for coverage to be effective. ▪ If you apply for amounts that exceed $50,000 during your eligibility period, you will be required to complete a medical questionnaire. If approved, you will be notified by Sun Life of the date your coverage will be effective. ▪ If you apply for coverage after your 31-day eligibility period, medical information will be required for all amounts of coverage applied for. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 51 Contract No. 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Critical Illness Insurance Insured Critical The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Critical Illness Illness Conditions insurance plan covers a broad range of conditions – 25 in total – as follows: 1. Cancer 2. Heart Attack (Myocardial Infarction) 3. Stroke 4. Aorta surgery 5. Major organ transplant 6.