Partial-Load basis prior to April 1, 1991, will accumulate sick leave credits as set out in Article 26.08 B of the current Academic Collective Agreement. Unused sick leave credits will be accumulated. After ten years of service at a single College, any unused sick leave credits are payable upon death, termination or retirement. The formula for calculating payment is: credits in hours X hourly rate of pay 2 480* *Annual teaching maximum. The payout is subject to a maximum gratuity of 50% of the annual maximum number of hours of teaching (i.e. 10 months X 4 weeks X 12 hours) Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 41 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Short Term Disability Bridging Benefit The Bridging Benefit is set out in Article 26.08 C of the current Academic Collective Agreement and it applies if you are: ▪ rehired within 6 months of the end of any contract; ▪ if upon termination of a contract you have a written contract for future employment as a partial-load employee; or ▪ you are on an approved leave of absence. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 42 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage Section 17 - Life Insurance Coverage General description You may elect to enrol in the Employee Life Insurance benefit. It is of the coverage term insurance that covers you 24 hours per day while you continue to (Optional) meet the eligibility requirements for insurance under the group contract. There are three levels of coverage. They are described below. Basic Life Insurance If you have elected this insurance you have coverage in the amount of $25,000. Supplementary Life You may choose additional coverage in units Insurance of $10,000 up to a maximum of $60,000. Employee Pay-All Provided you have chosen the maximum of Life Insurance $60,000 under the Supplementary Life Insurance benefit you may choose to be covered in units of $10,000 up to an additional $300,000 under the Employee Pay-All Life Insurance. If you are covered for the maximum benefits available under the Plan you would be insured for a total of $385,000. Change without No medical examination or other evidence of insurability is required evidence of provided you are actively at work and you apply for the optional life insurability insurance for you or your spouse within 31 days of the following: ▪ the date you completed your Waiting Period, or ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent, or ▪ the date your marital status changes. What happens if I do You will be required to furnish evidence of insurability to Sun Life. not apply within Such insurance coverage will take effect only upon the date your 31 days or I wish to evidence of insurability is approved by Sun Life. It is important to note increase the amount of that it is possible that coverage could be declined. Serious consideration Life Insurance? should be given before declining the life benefits at the time the benefits are first offered to you. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you retire or