OPSEU, CAAT and Insurance Committee CEC has been established under the Terms of Reference in the (JIC) Academic Collective Agreement. The committee meets on a regular basis to discuss group insurance benefits matters. The duties of the Committee include the review of contentious claims and recommendations thereon, when such claim problems have not been resolved through the existing administrative procedures. Colleges The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology are responsible to: (Administrators) ▪ maintain all records regarding an employee’s coverage. ▪ ensure the group contracts are adhered to. ▪ communicate the provisions of the group contract to employees. Each College has a designated individual(s) in the Human Resources Division and/or Payroll Services who is responsible for the group insurance benefit program. OPSEU OPSEU is responsible to: (the employee’s ▪ represent employees covered by the Academic Collective representative) Agreement on matters relating to group insurance benefits. ▪ educate members about benefits. ▪ communicate with the Contract Holder (CEC) on matters relating to the group insurance benefits. ▪ participate with the College Employer Council in discussions about Group Insurance Benefit issues through the Joint Insurance Committee (JIC) in accordance with the Terms of Reference of the Academic JIC as outlined in the Collective Agreement. Sun Life The Insurance Company is responsible to adjudicate and pay claims in (Insurance Company) accordance with the provisions in the group contract between Sun Life and the College Employer Council on behalf of the Colleges. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 2 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Employee You are responsible to: ▪ know what your benefits are. ▪ follow the claims submission processes, providing the information requested. ▪ be an educated consumer. ▪ keep the Human Resources Department at your College informed about changes that may affect the status of your benefits. Section 3 - Definitions Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Actively At Work You are considered to be 'actively at work' if you are performing all the usual and customary duties of the job with the College for the scheduled number of hours. Appropriate Appropriate treatment is defined as any treatment that is performed Treatment and prescribed by a doctor or, when Sun Life believes it is necessary, by a medical specialist. It must be the usual and reasonable treatment for the condition and must be provided as frequently as is usually required by the condition. It must not be limited solely to examinations or testing. Benefit Year & January 1 to December 31. Calendar Year Dentist A person who is currently licensed to practise dentistry by the governmental authority having jurisdiction over the licensing and practising of dentistry, and who is operating within the scope of the issued licence. The definition usually includes licensed dental hygienists, dental assistants or denturists, etc. Dependent(s) Who qualifies as your dependent: The dependent must be your spouse or your child and a resident of Canada or the United States. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 3 Contract