than one Plan benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the 'Submission of Claim' section of this booklet for instructions. Your coordination Details of current coverage under the government medicare plans with Government can be found on the website of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Plans Long Term Care at www.health.gov.on.ca. The following provides a brief description of some of the services that are integrated with your Extended Health Care coverage. Assistive Devices Program (ADP): This program is operated by the Ontario Ministry of Health. It assists Ontario Residents covered by the Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 25 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Hearing Care Ontario Health Insurance Plan who have a long term physical disability (ask your doctor for details). The program covers a number of items such as hearing aids, orthotic devices, ostomy supplies, prosthetic devices (such as breast prostheses), etc. As coverage can change from time to time, please refer to the Ontario Ministry of health and Long Term Care website for details.. Home Oxygen Program (HOP): This program covers oxygen and oxygen delivery equipment such as concentrators, liquid systems, masks, tubing, etc. Contact the Operational Support branch of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care for details. Ontario Drug Benefit Plan (ODB): You and/or your spouse are eligible for the prescription drug benefit on the first day of the month following the attainment of age 65. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 26 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Expenses Out-Of-Province and EHC Section 14 - Expenses Out Of Your Province and Your Extended Health Care Plan Expenses out of The Plan will cover emergency services while you are outside the your province province where you live. The Plan also covers referred services. For both emergency services and referred services, the Plan will cover the cost of: ▪ a semi-private hospital room. ▪ other hospital services provided outside of Canada. ▪ out-patient services in a hospital. ▪ the services of a doctor. Expenses for all other services or supplies eligible under this plan are also covered when they are incurred outside the province where you live, subject to the reimbursement level and all conditions applicable to those expenses. Emergency services The Plan will pay 100% of the cost of covered emergency services. The Plan will only cover emergency services obtained within 60 days of the date you leave the province where you live. If hospitalization occurs within this period, in-patient services are covered until the date you are discharged. Emergency services mean any reasonable medical services or supplies, including advice, treatment, medical procedures or surgery, required as a result of an emergency. When a person has a chronic condition, emergency services do not include treatment provided as part of an established management program that existed prior to the person leaving the province where the person lives. Emergency means an acute illness or accidental injury that requires immediate, medically necessary treatment prescribed by a doctor. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 27 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Expenses