continuation of the previous one at the same level of benefits and without applying a new elimination period. Any such acceptance will be based on a consideration by Sun Life of the circumstances involved and will only be done if the group contract is in force at the time a request for such consideration is made. The benefits you receive will be based on the same benefit level as on the original date of total disability. How will my Extended Your Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care), Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 47 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Health Care and Dental Care and Critical Illness Insurance may be continued during the Dental be affected? time you receive Long Term Disability benefits if you make the appropriate arrangements through your College’s Benefits Administrator and pay 100% of the cost, provided that you were subscribing to such benefits on the date your Long Term Disability payments commenced. How will my Life Your Life Insurance will be continued for you and your dependents Insurance be affected? without the payment of premiums as long as you are in receipt of Long Term Disability benefits. Waiver of LTD No contributions for Long Term Disability will be required during any Premiums period you are receiving monthly benefits. Your During your total disability, you are expected to make reasonable responsibilities efforts to: ▪ keep the College and Sun Life informed about the status of your disability on a regular basis. ▪ recover from your disability, including participating in any reasonable treatment or rehabilitation program and accepting any reasonable offer of modified duties from your College. ▪ return to work in your own occupation during the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ obtain training in order to qualify for another occupation if it becomes apparent that you will not be able to return to your own occupation within the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ try to obtain work in another occupation after the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ obtain benefits or income that may be available from other sources. If you do not, Sun Life may reduce, hold back or discontinue benefits. When LTD benefits In accordance with the group contract, Sun Life will not pay Long are not payable Term Disability benefits for any disability which results from: Exclusions ▪ participation in a riot, rebellion or insurrection. ▪ war, declared or undeclared, or active duty in any armed service during a time of war. ▪ intentionally self-inflicted injuries, by firearm or otherwise. ▪ commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by you. Non-Payment of No payments will be made during the period: Long Term Disability ▪ you are not under the regular care of a doctor and receiving Limitations appropriate treatment. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 48 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability ▪ you engage in any employment or occupation for wage or profit (other than in a Rehabilitation Program) except as approved by Sun Life. ▪ you choose