you may choose to be covered in units of $10,000 up to an additional $300,000 under the Employee Pay-All Life Insurance. If you are covered for the maximum benefits available under the Plan you would be insured for a total of $385,000. Change without No medical examination or other evidence of insurability is required evidence of provided you are actively at work and you apply for the optional life insurability insurance for you or your spouse within 31 days of the following: ▪ the date you completed your Waiting Period, or ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent, or ▪ the date your marital status changes. What happens if I do You will be required to furnish evidence of insurability to Sun Life. not apply within Such insurance coverage will take effect only upon the date your 31 days or I wish to evidence of insurability is approved by Sun Life. It is important to note increase the amount of that it is possible that coverage could be declined. Serious consideration Life Insurance? should be given before declining the life benefits at the time the benefits are first offered to you. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you retire or reach age 65, disability (The contract whichever is earlier, Life coverage for you and your dependents may holder has the sole legal continue without the payment of premiums as long as you are in receipt and financial liability for of Long Term Disability (LTD) benefits. This continued coverage is the Coverage during total Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 50 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Life Insurance Coverage disability. Sun Life only acts subject to the terms of the contract which were in effect on the date you as administrator on behalf became totally disabled, including reductions and terminations. In of the contract holder) addition, all continued coverage with Sun Life terminates on the date the benefit under which the person is covered with Sun Life terminates. Accidental Death and Dismemberment General description Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD & D) insurance is of the coverage provided. This means that if, due to an accident occurring while (Mandatory) covered, you die or suffer a dismemberment as listed in the table under Table of Losses, you may be eligible for benefits. Any death benefit paid under this coverage is in addition to the Basic Life Insurance coverage. Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Your Accidental Amount of Insurance - $25,000 Death and Dismemberment 100% of the insurance is payable in the event of accidental death. For Insurance other Dismemberment situations the amount payable is $25,000 pro- rated in proportion to the percentages identified in the Table of Losses Chart. What the Plan will The Plan will pay for this benefit if you: pay ▪ accidentally drown. ▪ disappear in an accident while travelling. This only applies if the means of transportation disappears, sinks, is wrecked, forced to land