General description The Extended Health Care Plan pays for eligible services or supplies of the coverage that are medically necessary for the treatment of an illness and supplements your provincial hospital and medical insurance plans (e.g. OHIP). However, there are additional eligibility requirements that apply to drugs (see Prior authorization program for details). Medically necessary means generally recognized by the Canadian medical profession as effective, appropriate and required in the treatment of an illness in accordance with Canadian medical standards. Any amount payable under the Extended Health Care Plan is subject to the coinsurance and the list of eligible expenses. The Ontario Health Insurance Act prohibits duplication of coverage of the provincial medical and hospital plans. To qualify for this coverage you must be a Canadian resident and entitled to coverage under OHIP or another Medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another Canadian province or territory or Canadian federal government plan. In some instances, where permitted by law, expenses covered under this Extended Health Care plan are integrated with certain provincial medicare programs such as the Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP) and the Ontario Drug Benefit Plan (ODB). Please refer to the end of this section for a brief description of these programs. Reference to Doctor may also include a nurse practitioner – If the applicable provincial legislation permits nurse practitioners to prescribe or order certain supplies or services, Sun Life will reimburse those eligible services or supplies prescribed or ordered by a nurse practitioner the same way as if they were prescribed or ordered by a doctor. For drugs, refer to Other health professionals allowed to prescribe drugs. Who is covered? All full-time Academic employees who have completed the waiting period are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan which includes semi-private hospital accommodation. Waiting Period One month of continuous full-time employment. The coverage begins on the day following the completion of your waiting period provided you are actively at work on that day. Otherwise the insurance becomes effective when you return to work. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 14 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Extended Health Care Amount of Coverage ▪ 100% of the difference between the cost of a ward and the semi- private hospital room rate in Canada. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for Vision Care to a maximum of $550 in any benefit year for persons under 18 years of age, and each two benefit years for persons 18 years of age and older (see Vision Care). ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for Hearing Care to a maximum of $3,500 in each 3 benefit year period (see Hearing Care). Note: Since there are specific plan years for Vision and Hearing Care, the details of which are referred to later in this booklet, it is recommended that prior to making a purchase for vision and/or hearing care, you should contact Sun Life to ensure that you are eligible to claim the purchase. 85% of eligible expenses for: ▪ services, while not confined to a hospital, of private duty registered nurses or registered trained attendants, if medically necessary,