Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1 800 361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Private Duty Nursing Private Duty Nursing Services must be ordered by a doctor for the Claims treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include the completed “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire” form (if a pre-determination was not done) which must be completed by the attending physician. Note: The “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire” form must be submitted to Sun Life before the claim will be considered for payment. Medical Supplies and Medical Supplies and Equipment must be ordered by a doctor for the Equipment treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include a letter from your doctor. This letter should describe the nature of your disability or your Dependent’s disability, a diagnosis, how the particular supplies or equipment will improve/stabilize your or the claimant’s condition and the length of time the supplies or equipment will be required. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and completed for my claim to be the form satisfactorily your claim should be processed within 7 days. processed? Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 57 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated, you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. How do I make a claim If you are entitled to and have elected survivor benefits, follow the for survivor’s benefits? process stated above. You were assigned a new certificate (identification) number immediately upon notifying the College of the death of your spouse. Use this number and not the certificate number of your deceased spouse for any claims incurred after the death of your spouse. Out-of-Province Contact Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider in Claims case of an emergency. Prior to leaving the province print your personalized travel card from Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca. OHIP first ▪ your claim for expenses incurred outside the province must be submitted to OHIP first. ▪ original receipts should be included with your claim and you must keep a copy for your records and/or later submission to Sun Life. Sun Life second ▪ the balance of the claim not paid by OHIP should be submitted to Sun Life, using the normal claim form for your Group. ▪ the OHIP reimbursement statement and copies of your receipts should be attached to the Sun Life claim form. ▪ be sure to keep a copy of the information sent to Sun Life for your records. Making a Dental Claim Claims should be submitted to Sun Life on a regular basis as they are incurred. Time limits for filing Claims must be received by Sun Life within the earliest of : a claim ▪ the