conversion amount of Dependent Life Insurance coverage will be paid Conversion Period? as a death claim to you. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 56 Contract No. 50090 Academic Employees Critical Illness Insurance Section 16 – Critical Illness Insurance General Description Critical Illness insurance provides protection that Long Term of Coverage Disability, Life Insurance, and Extended Health Care insurance coverages do not. Following the diagnosis of a critical illness and a prescribed survival period, this insurance pays a one-time, lump-sum benefit (see Critical Illness brochure for additional information). Eligibility You are eligible to apply for coverage for yourself and/or your spouse provided you are a full-time Academic employee of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology. To qualify you must: ▪ be between the ages of 18 and 69 ▪ reside in Canada ▪ be actively at work ▪ provide proof of good health Eligibility Date Is the date you have completed the Waiting Period of one continuous month of full-time employment. Coverage Coverage is available to you and your spouse up to a maximum of $200,000 in units of $25,000. Coverage Effective ▪ If you and your spouse apply on your Eligibility Date (or prior Date to), any amount of coverage that does not require medical information $50,000 or less) will be effective on your Eligibility Date. ▪ If you and your spouse apply within 31 days following your Eligibility Date, any amount of coverage that does not require medical information ($50,000 or less) will be effective on the date the application form was signed. Your Human Resources Department must be in receipt of your signed application form within the 31 days following your Eligibility Date for coverage to be effective. ▪ If you apply for amounts that exceed $50,000 during your eligibility period, you will be required to complete a medical questionnaire. If approved, you will be notified by Sun Life of the date your coverage will be effective. ▪ If you apply for coverage after your 31-day eligibility period, medical information will be required for all amounts of coverage applied for. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 57 Contract No. 50090 Academic Employees Critical Illness Insurance Insured Critical The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Critical Illness Illness Conditions insurance plan covers a broad range of conditions – 25 in total – as follows: 1. Cancer 2. Heart Attack (Myocardial Infarction) 3. Stroke 4. Aorta surgery 5. Major organ transplant 6. Major burns 7. Major organ failure requiring transplant 8. Kidney Failure 9. Alzheimer’s disease 10. Loss of speech 11. Parkinson’s disease 12. Coronary artery bypass surgery 13. Blindness 14. Multiple Sclerosis 15. Loss of independent existence 16. Deafness 17. Paralysis 18. Coma 19. Benign brain tumour 20. Occupational HIV Infection 21. Aplastic anemia 22. Bacterial meningitis 23. Heart valve replacement or repair 24. Loss of limbs 25. Motor neuron disease For further description of these disabilities please read the “Critical Illness Insurance” brochure. Limitations and No benefits are payable for claims resulting from: Exclusions ▪ Declared or undeclared war, insurrection or rebellion ▪ Voluntary participation in a riot or act