electing the benefit and served the waiting period are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan which includes semi- private hospital accommodation. Waiting Period Completion of one calendar month of employment. The coverage begins on the first day of the month following the completion of your waiting period provided you are actively at work on that day. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 15 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Otherwise the insurance becomes effective when you return to work. Amount of Coverage 100% of the difference between the cost of a ward and the semi- private hospital room rate in Canada. 85% of eligible expenses for: ▪ services, while not confined to a hospital, of private duty registered nurses or registered trained attendants, if medically necessary, to an annual maximum of $25,000 per insured individual. ▪ eligible prescription drugs. ▪ eligible medical services. ▪ dental services required as the result of an accident. 90% of eligible expenses for paramedical services. Payment after coverage If your Extended Health Care Insurance terminates while you are ends Totally Disabled, treatment of the disabling condition will be covered while your Total Disability continues, as if your insurance under the Plan had continued in force for an additional 6 months. Coverage under If you are covered for Extended Health Care under another plan, your more than one plan benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the 'Submission of Claim' section of this booklet for instructions. Hospital expenses in The Plan will cover 100% of the following costs: Canada ▪ the difference between the cost of a ward and semi-private Reimbursement Amount hospital accommodation, when confined to a hospital in Canada (includes all provinces and territories in Canada). ▪ hospital out-patient services provided in Canada, except for any services explicitly excluded under this benefit. Prescription Drugs Please note that doctors occasionally prescribe drugs which may be and Vaccines readily available over the counter or vaccines that do not require a prescription by law. These drugs and/or vaccines are not covered by the Plan, except as otherwise indicated below under eligible expenses. Ask your pharmacist about the category of the drug you have been prescribed when you get your prescription filled. For further information or to confirm coverage you may contact Sun Life’s call centre at 1-800-361-6212 or 416-753-4300 or by e-mail at askus@sunlife.ca (must have your contract and certificate number available). Reimbursement The Plan will cover 85% of the cost of the following drugs and supplies Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 16 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Amount that are prescribed by a licensed doctor or dentist and are obtained from a licensed pharmacist. Drugs covered under this plan must have a Drug Identification Number (DIN) in order to be eligible. ▪ drugs that legally require a written prescription. ▪ life-sustaining drugs that may not legally require a prescription. ▪ injectable drugs and vitamins. ▪ compounded preparations, provided that the principal active ingredient is an eligible expense and has a DIN. ▪ diabetic