are set out in the Academic Staff Collective Agreement. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 1 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Section 2 - Roles and Responsibilities College Employer The CEC is the Contract Holder on behalf of the Colleges, and is Council responsible to ensure that the terms of the group contract are adhered (Contract Holder) to by the Insurance Company and the Colleges. About the Joint The Academic JIC consisting of representatives of OPSEU, CAAT and Insurance Committee CEC has been established under the Terms of Reference in the (JIC) Academic Collective Agreement. The committee meets on a regular basis to discuss Group Insurance Benefits matters. The duties of the Committee include the review of contentious claims and recommendations thereon, when such claim problems have not been resolved through the existing administrative procedures. Colleges The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology have the responsibility (Administrators) to maintain all records regarding an employee’s coverage, ensure the rules contained in the group contracts are adhered to and communicate the provisions of the group contract to employees. Each College has a designated individual(s) in the Human Resources Division and/or Payroll Services who is responsible for the Group Insurance Benefit Program. OPSEU OPSEU is responsible to: (the employee’s ▪ represent employees covered by the Academic Collective representative) Agreement on matters relating to Group Insurance Benefits. ▪ educate members about benefits. ▪ communicate with the Contract Holder (CEC) on matters relating to the Group Insurance Benefits. ▪ participate with the College Employer Council in discussions about Group Insurance Benefit issues through the Joint Insurance Committee (JIC) in accordance with the Terms of Reference of the Academic JIC as outlined in the Collective Agreement. Sun Life The Insurance Company is responsible to adjudicate and pay claims in (Insurance Company) accordance with the provisions in the group contract between Sun Life and the College Employer Council on behalf of the Colleges. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 2 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Employee You are responsible to: ▪ know what your benefits are. ▪ follow the claims submission processes, providing all the information requested. ▪ be an educated consumer. ▪ keep the Human Resources Department at your College informed about changes that may affect the status of your benefits. Section 3 - Definitions Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Actively At Work You are considered to be 'actively at work' if you are performing all the usual and customary duties of the job with the College for the scheduled number of hours. This includes non-working days and paid vacation if you were 'actively at work' on the last scheduled working day. Appropriate Appropriate treatment is defined as any treatment that is performed Treatment and prescribed by a doctor or, when Sun Life believes it is necessary, by a medical specialist. It must be the usual and reasonable treatment for the condition and must be provided as frequently as is