Benefits Provided you are participating in the Dependent coverage for Extended For Eligible Health Care, (including Vision Care, Hearing Care) and Dental Care Dependent(s) of Active when you die, coverage for your eligible Dependents will continue Employees until the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the last day of the sixth month following the month in which you die, unless the survivor elects to continue the coverage. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid by the survivor. ▪ the date the benefit provision under which the Dependent is covered terminates. ▪ the date the group contract terminates. ▪ the date the survivor would no longer be considered the employee’s dependent if the employee were still alive . ▪ the date the survivor cancels the coverage. ▪ the end of the month of when you would have reached age 65. ▪ the date the survivor dies. Who pays the The College pays the full premium for the first six months for the premium? Extended Health (including Vision and Hearing Care) and Dental Care benefits. Thereafter, the eligible survivor may elect to continue the benefits and is required to pay the College quarterly, in advance, the full cost of the Plans. If the eligible survivor is in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan or the Teachers’ Pension plan, the survivor may then elect to participate in the CAAT Retiree benefit plan provided such election is made within 31 days from the date you would have reached age 65 and the eligible survivor continues to be eligible for benefits under OHIP or another Canadian medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another province or territory. The eligible survivor will keep the College informed of any change in address or other information as the College or the insurer may require. The eligible survivor will be requested to provide the following information in order to ensure claims are paid appropriately and delays in processing the payments are avoided. ▪ their date of birth. ▪ proof that they are in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan or the Teachers’ Pension Plan. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 13 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Extended Health Care Section 10 - Extended Health Care (Medicare Supplement) General description The Extended Health Care Plan pays for eligible services or supplies of the coverage that are medically necessary for the treatment of an illness and supplements your provincial hospital and medical insurance plans (e.g. OHIP). However, there are additional eligibility requirements that apply to drugs (see Prior authorization program for details). Medically necessary means generally recognized by the Canadian medical profession as effective, appropriate and required in the treatment of an illness in accordance with Canadian medical standards. Any amount payable under the Extended Health Care Plan is subject to the coinsurance and the list of eligible expenses. The Ontario Health Insurance Act prohibits duplication of coverage of the provincial medical and hospital plans. To qualify for this coverage you must be a Canadian resident and