procedure codes for the services described below are posted on the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca and are subject to change from year to year. Temporary Dental If you receive any temporary dental service, it will be included as part Services of the final dental procedure used to correct the problem, and not as a separate procedure. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 34 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care Preventive Dental Your dental benefits cover procedures used to help prevent dental Procedures problems including: (Type A – 100%) Oral examinations ▪ initial examination every 24 months. ▪ 1 recall examination every 5 months, up to a maximum of 2 examinations per calendar year. ▪ emergency or specific examinations. ▪ preventive recall packages. X-rays ▪ 1 complete series of x-rays or 1 panorex limited to one during any 24 month period. ▪ 1 set of bitewing x-rays every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 sets per calendar year. ▪ X-rays to diagnose a symptom or examine progress of a particular course of treatment. Other services ▪ Required consultations with another dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Required consultations between the patient and dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Fillings – amalgam, silicate, composite, acrylic or equivalent. ▪ Polishing (cleaning) and topical fluoride treatment, once every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 per calendar year. ▪ Protective athletic appliance (mouthguards). ▪ Scaling. ▪ Other preventive services. ▪ Diagnostic tests and laboratory examinations, but excluding x- rays, study models or similar records prepared for orthodontic procedures. ▪ Provision of space maintainers for missing primary teeth. Restorative Dental Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat basic dental and Surgical problems and include: Procedures (Type B – 100%) Required consultations between your Dentist and another Dentist. Retentive pins. Prefabricated, full coverage restorations. Caries, trauma and pain control. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 35 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care Professional visits. Extraction of teeth ▪ Removal of teeth. Endodontics ▪ Root canal therapy and root canal fillings, and treatment of disease of the pulp tissue. Periodontics ▪ Treatment of disease of the gum and other supporting tissue. Oral surgery ▪ Surgery and related anaesthesia, other than implant related surgery (Type E procedures). ▪ Therapeutic intra-muscular or intravenous drug injection. ▪ Adjunctive general services. Denture Procedures Your dental benefits include removable dental prosthesis to resolve (Type C – 100%) dental problems and include: ▪ Complete maxillary and/or mandibular dentures - once every 3 years per arch. ▪ Removable partial dentures - once every 3 years. ▪ Denture adjustments. ▪ Repair of dentures. ▪ Rebase or reline of an existing partial or complete denture. ▪ Customary commercial laboratory fees associated with the above. Construction and insertion of standard dentures. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement standard denture is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous standard denture unless: ▪ it is needed to replace a