D – 50%) include: Coverage includes orthodontic examinations, including orthodontic diagnostic services and fixed or removable appliances such as braces. The following orthodontic procedures are covered: ▪ Required consultations between patient and dentist ▪ Diagnostic services - orthodontic cast. ▪ Observation and adjustment. ▪ Repairs. ▪ Alterations. ▪ Re-cementations. ▪ Separation. ▪ Fixed - bilateral/unilateral or removable orthodontic appliances. ▪ Appliances to control oral habits. ▪ Myofunctional therapy. ▪ Retention appliances. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 37 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care Predetermination To ensure that you and your Dentist are aware of the expenses that will Recommended where be paid by the Plan it is strongly recommended that you send a expenses will exceed predetermination form to Sun Life, before the work is done, for any $300 major treatment or any procedure. How do I file a This can be done by your Dentist directly via electronic submission or predetermination? if necessary: ▪ you can obtain a claim from your Human Resources Department. ▪ ask your Dentist to complete the appropriate sections of the form. ▪ you complete your sections of the form, sign it and forward it to Sun Life. Sun Life will advise you how much of the planned treatment is covered by the Plan taking into account any possible alternate procedure or course of treatment based on accepted dental practice, and how much of the cost you will be responsible for before the work is done. Laboratory Fees ▪ Certain procedures will usually involve the cost of a commercial laboratory and when appropriate, a reasonable and customary laboratory fee will be reimbursed subject to the same overall maximums. Please note that while the predetermination cannot take laboratory fees into account, they will be reimbursed with the payment of claim. The only circumstance in which benefits will be considered for an ineligible procedure is when your Dentist advises, in writing, that it is both less expensive and better for you than the eligible procedure which could be done. Coverage under If you are covered for Dental Care under another plan, your benefits more than one plan will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Please refer to the 'Submissions of Claims' section of this booklet for instructions. What is not covered The Plan will not pay for: ▪ services or supplies payable or available (regardless of any waiting list) under any government-sponsored plan or program unless explicitly listed as covered under this benefit. ▪ services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat a dental problem, including experimental treatments. ▪ any portion of the charge over the usual, customary and reasonable charge of the least expensive alternate service or Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 38 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care material consistent with adequate dental services when such alternate service or material is customarily provided. ▪ procedures performed primarily to improve appearance. ▪ the replacement of dentures that are lost, misplaced or stolen. ▪ charges for appointments that you