to convert the group Life coverage, to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. It is your responsibility to initiate an application to convert your Life Insurance with Sun Life. The College will issue a conversion form to you. This form will confirm details of your employment such as your start date with the College, the amount of insurance coverage in effect at the time of your separation from the College, the termination date of your insurance as well as providing a list of Sun Life numbers where you can call to get more information about your options on an individual policy. You have 31 days from the date your insurance is reduced or ceases to convert your Life Insurance to an individual Life policy with Sun Life. How much can I You may convert your total Life Insurance coverage to a maximum of convert $200,000. How long do I have to You have 31 days from the date your insurance coverage is reduced or convert my insurance? ceases to convert your Life insurance to a private policy with Sun Life. If you die during the If you die during this 31 day conversion period, the conversion amount Conversion Period of Life Insurance coverage will be paid to your last named beneficiary as recorded on your file in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your You may also apply to convert your spouse’s Life coverage to an Dependent Life individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good Insurance health. This is not available for dependent children. Where necessary in order to comply with applicable legislation: If your child's Life coverage ends due to the termination of your Life coverage, you may apply to convert the group Life coverage for your child to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. How long do I have to You have 31 days from the date your spouse’s Life insurance coverage convert my spouse's life ceases to convert to a private policy with Sun Life. insurance? Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 55 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Life Insurance Conversion What happens if my If your Spouse dies during this 31 day conversion period, the spouse dies during the conversion amount of Dependent Life Insurance coverage will be paid Conversion Period? as a death claim to you. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 56 Contract No. 50090 Academic Employees Critical Illness Insurance Section 16 – Critical Illness Insurance General Description Critical Illness insurance provides protection that Long Term of Coverage Disability, Life Insurance, and Extended Health Care insurance coverages do not. Following the diagnosis of a critical illness and a prescribed survival period, this insurance pays a one-time, lump-sum benefit (see Critical Illness brochure for additional information). Eligibility You are eligible to apply for coverage for yourself and/or your spouse provided you are a full-time Academic employee of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology. To qualify you must: ▪ be between the ages of 18 and 69