to the bridging benefit provisions under Article 26.06 D of the Academic Collective Agreement and Section 8 of this booklet. Coverage after If you retire, you may be eligible to continue certain benefits. Please Retirement request information from your College’s Benefits Administrator or refer to the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca for an explanation of the benefits available to retiring employees. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 13 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Section 10 - Survivor Benefits Survivor Benefits Provided you are participating in the Dependent coverage for Extended For Dependent(s) of Health Care, Vision Care, Hearing Care and Dental Care when you die, Active Employees coverage for your Dependents will continue until the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the last day of the sixth month following the month in which you die, unless the survivor elects to continue the coverage. ▪ the date the benefit provision under which the Dependent is covered terminates. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid. ▪ the date the group contract terminates. ▪ the date the survivor would no longer be considered the employee's dependent if the employee were still alive. ▪ the date the survivor cancels the coverage. ▪ the date the survivor dies. ▪ the end of the month of when you would have reached age 65. Who pays the The eligible survivor may elect to continue Extended Health Care, premium? Dental Care, Vision and Hearing Care. The College pays the full premium for the first six months for the Extended Health Care coverage. Beyond six months, the eligible survivor will be required to pay the full premium for the Extended Health Care coverage. The eligible survivor may elect to continue the Vision, Hearing and Dental Care coverage, and is required to pay the College quarterly, in advance, the full cost of the Plans. Thereafter, the eligible survivor who is in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension, may elect to participate in retirement benefits provided such election is made within 31 days from the end of the month you would have reached age 65 and the eligible survivor continues to be eligible for benefits under OHIP or another Canadian medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another province or territory. The eligible survivor will keep the College informed of any change in address or other information as the College or the insurer may require. The eligible survivor will be requested to provide the following information in order to ensure claims are paid appropriately and delays in processing the payments are avoided. ▪ their date of birth. ▪ proof that they are in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan or the Teachers’ Pension Plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 14 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Section 11 - Extended Health Care (Medicare Supplement) General description The Extended Health Care Plan pays for eligible services or supplies of the coverage that are medically necessary for the treatment of an illness and supplements your provincial