for instructions. What is not covered The Plan will not pay for: ▪ services or supplies payable or available (regardless of any waiting list) under any government-sponsored plan or program unless explicitly listed as covered under this benefit. ▪ services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat a dental problem, including experimental treatments. ▪ any portion of the charge over the usual, customary and reasonable charge of the least expensive alternate service or Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 38 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care material consistent with adequate dental services when such alternate service or material is customarily provided. ▪ procedures performed primarily to improve appearance. ▪ the replacement of dentures that are lost, misplaced or stolen. ▪ charges for appointments that you do not keep. ▪ charges for completing claim forms. ▪ expenses related to services or supplies of the type normally intended for home or sport use except mouth guards. ▪ transplants, and repositioning of the jaw. Dental expenses resulting from: ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or civil commotion. ▪ commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by the insured person. ▪ any cause for which compensation is available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Payment after If your coverage terminates, you will still be covered for procedures to coverage ends repair natural teeth damaged by an accidental blow if: ▪ the accident occurred while you were still covered, and ▪ the procedure is performed within 6 months after the date of the accident. Expenses Outside Expenses for emergency dental care outside Canada will qualify as of Province/Canada eligible expenses to the extent that they represent the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed, provided an expense for such dental care would qualify as an eligible expense, in the Province of Ontario. For expenses incurred for dental care performed outside Canada on an other than emergency basis, the benefit provided under this contract will be the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed but not exceeding the level of eligible expenses for the Province of Ontario. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 39 Academic Employees Short Term Disability Section 13- Short Term Disability Plan (STD) General description The Colleges have full legal, financial and administrative responsibility of the coverage for this benefit. Questions or inquiries in regard to this benefit must be directed to your College’s Benefits Administrator. The Short Term Disability Plan (STD) is not an insurance plan. It is a benefit paid directly to you by the College. The full description of the STD plan is documented in the current Academic Collective Agreement. Cumulative Sick Leave Credits A member of the Academic Bargaining Unit employed by the College on a full-time basis on or after April 1, 1991, will accumulate sick leave credits at the rate of 20 days per year of continuous service, or pro-