payable in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan in your province of residence. ▪ hospital services or supplies to the extent they are covered under the Hospital Plan which are paid for in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan, whether or not you or your Dependent(s) are enrolled under the provincial plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 22 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care ▪ services or supplies for which the person is eligible for payment under any group medical, surgical or hospital plan. ▪ any services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat an illness, including experimental or investigational treatments. Experimental or investigational treatments mean treatments that are not approved by Health Canada or other government regulatory body for the general public. ▪ services or supplies that do not qualify as medical expenses under the Income Tax Act (Canada). ▪ any services or supplies over the reasonable and customary charges in the locality where they are provided. The Plan will not pay benefits when the claim is for an illness resulting from: ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or a civil commotion. ▪ any work for which you were compensated that was not done for the College who is providing this Plan. ▪ the Plan will also not pay benefits when compensation is available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Moving Out of If you move from one province to another province or territory it is Province important that you register for the provincial medicare plan in your new province as soon as possible (90 days or whatever is indicated by the province you are moving to) so that you do not jeopardize your Group Insurance benefits coverage. You are not eligible for Extended Health Care coverage under this plan if you do not have provincial medicare coverage. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 23 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Vision Care Section 12 - Vision Care Vision Care To correct a vision impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of contact lenses, laser eye correction surgery or eyeglasses-lenses and frames including tinting, sunglasses, safety glasses and their replacement, as long as they are prescribed in writing by an ophthalmologist or a licensed optometrist and are obtained from an ophthalmologist, licensed optometrist or qualified optician. Laser eye correction surgery must be performed by an ophthalmologist and may be co-ordinated with available coverage under paramedical services. Coverage The Plan will cover 100% of these costs up to a maximum of $400 in any benefit year for persons under 18 years of age, with the benefit year commencing January 1 and a two-year Benefit period for persons 18 years of age and older, with the benefit period commencing January 1, of even numbered years. Maximums will renew annually for persons under age 18 years of age and every 2 years for all other persons. The Plan will not pay for glasses of