of the armed forces if the aircraft is under the  control of or chartered by the armed forces. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 47 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage ▪ war, insurrection or the hostile action of the armed forces of any country. ▪ participation in a criminal offence. Coverage during total If you became totally disabled while insured, your Accidental Death disability and Dismemberment coverage will be continued until the earlier of: ▪ the end of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date your Partial-Load contract ends. Dependent Life Insurance Coverage General description Dependent Life Insurance is term insurance which covers your spouse of the coverage and dependent children while you remain an employee of the College (Optional) and they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for the insurance. Amount of Insurance Spouse: $5,000 Each child: $2,000 The benefit is payable to you. Its purpose is to assist you and your family with the additional financial burden should your spouse or dependent children die. Proof of good health Required on all amount of coverage unless requested within 31 days of completing the waiting period or of acquiring a new dependent. Coverage during Total If you became totally disabled while insured, your Dependent Life Disability coverage will be continued until the earlier of: ▪ the end of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date your Partial-Load contract ends. Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 48 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage Appointing a Beneficiary Beneficiary You may name the beneficiary of your choice, a person, persons or Appointments your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary designation that you made on mysunlife.ca or you have on file with your Human Resources Department. In the absence of a beneficiary appointment, payment will be made to your estate. Appointment of a Except as restricted by law you may change your beneficiary at any Beneficiary in the time. In the Province of Ontario, the beneficiary is revocable by the Province of Ontario insured. This means that you may change your beneficiary appointment at any time without the approval of your beneficiary. Appointment of a The Province of Quebec requires that you indicate whether your Beneficiary in the beneficiary is revocable or irrevocable at the time you make your Province of Quebec benefit election. If you have indicated the beneficiary is irrevocable at the time of enrolment, you may only change the beneficiary appointment with the written permission of the current beneficiary. The enrolment form provided by the College contains this information. Your beneficiary appointment can be a complex matter, and depending on your specific situation, you may wish to seek legal advice before making a nomination and/or changing an