OHIP first. ▪ original receipts should be included with your claim and you must keep a copy for your records and/or later submission to Sun Life. Sun Life second ▪ the balance of the claim not paid by OHIP should be submitted to Sun Life, using the normal claim form for your Group. ▪ the OHIP reimbursement statement and copies of your receipts should be attached to the Sun Life claim form. ▪ be sure to keep a copy of the information sent to Sun Life for your records. Making a Dental Claim Claims should be submitted to Sun Life on a regular basis as they are incurred. Time limits for filing Claims must be received by Sun Life within the earliest of : a claim ▪ the end of the calendar year following the year during which you incur the expenses. ▪ 90 days after the end of your Dental Care coverage. ▪ 90 days following termination of the Dental Care provision. Co-ordination of If you or your spouse are covered for Dental Care under another plan, benefits your benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following (Coverage under more insurance industry standards. than one plan) Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 58 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims The Claims Process Claims can be submitted electronically by your dentist or, if you are submitting your first claim for benefits a claim form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. If you are submitting the claim to Sun Life: ▪ Ask your Dentist to complete the applicable sections of the claim form. ▪ You complete the applicable sections of the claim form, sign it, attach any relevant information, and forward it to the Sun Life claims office. The appropriate address is noted on the claim form. ▪ Keep a copy of the claim form and your receipts for future reference. If your Dentist is submitting the claim electronically: ▪ Your Dentist is required to complete the applicable sections of the claim form. ▪ You complete the applicable sections of the claim form and sign it. Your Dentist electronically forwards the claim directly to Sun Life and the payment is generated immediately. If you have assigned payment to the dentist, payment will be made directly to the Dentist. If payment is to be made to you and you have set up a direct deposit with Sun Life (www.mysunlife.ca) the payment will be deposited to your account within a couple of days. Otherwise, a cheque will be mailed to your home address. Orthodontic Claims Although most orthodontists will quote a single amount for the full course of treatment covering several years, orthodontic expenses will be reimbursed based on a monthly or quarterly basis as treatment is rendered. The Plan will not prepay services that have not been rendered. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and the claim for my claim to be form has been completed satisfactorily, your claim should be processed? processed within 7 days. Sun Life