claim ▪ 548 days following the date on which the expense was incurred, ▪ 90 days following the end of your Extended Health Care coverage, or ▪ 90 days following the termination of the Extended Health Care provision. Co-ordination of If you are covered for Extended Health Care under this plan and you benefits and or your spouse are covered under another plan, your benefits will (Coverage under more be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry than one plan) standards. These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Here are some guidelines: ▪ if you are claiming expenses for your spouse who is covered for those expenses under another plan, you must send the claim to your spouse’s plan first. ▪ if you are claiming expenses for your children and both you and your spouse have coverage under different plans, you must claim under the plan of the parent with the earlier birthday (month and day) in the calendar year. For example, if your birthday is May 1 and your spouse’s birthday is June 5, you must claim under your plan first. ▪ the maximum amount that you can receive from all plans for eligible expenses is 100% of actual expenses. ▪ If your spouse is over age 65 and eligible for coverage under the Ontario Drug Benefit Program (ODB), there are specific rules to follow. Contact your College’s Benefits Administrator for further details. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 56 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims Ontario Assistive The Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP), run by the Ontario Devices Program Ministry of Health, helps people who have long-term physical disabilities get needed equipment and supplies. To find out more about this program, contact the Assistive Devices Branch of the Ministry of Health. The Claims Process If you are submitting your first claim for benefits, the claim form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre-printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1 800 361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Private Duty Nursing Private Duty Nursing Services must be ordered by a doctor for the Claims treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include the completed “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire” form (if a pre-determination was not done) which must be completed by the attending physician. Note: The “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire” form must be submitted to Sun Life before the claim will be considered for payment. Medical Supplies and Medical Supplies and Equipment must be ordered by a doctor