is not married nor in any other formal union recognized by law In these cases, you must notify your College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of the date the child attains the limiting age. In addition, a Disabled Child Coverage form must be completed and sent to Sun Life within 6 months of the date the child attains the limiting age. Your employer can give you more information about this. Doctor A doctor is a physician or surgeon who is licensed to practise medicine where that practice is located. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 4 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Eligibility Conditions that must be satisfied in order to participate in the Plan, and Requirements obtain a benefit. Partial-Load You are employed by the College on a Partial-Load basis in accordance Employee with the terms of the Academic Collective Agreement. Hospital Hospital is defined as a legally operated institution which is primarily engaged in providing, for compensation from its patients, medical, diagnostic and surgical facilities for the care and treatment of sick and injured persons on an in-patient basis, and provides such facilities under the supervision of a staff of doctors with a 24 hour a day nursing service by registered nurses. Notwithstanding the above, hospital shall mean a legally operated institution in which a person establishes, to the satisfaction of Sun Life, that such confinement was for active treatment that would normally be found in a general hospital. In no event will that part of an institution which operates as a home for the aged, rest home, nursing home, chronic care facility or a place for the care and treatment of drug addicts or alcoholics be considered a hospital for the purpose of this contract. Facilities and The Plan does not cover the facility nor the services provided in a services that are not nursing home, rest home, home for the aged or chronically ill, covered sanatorium, convalescent hospital or a facility for treating alcohol or drug abuse or beds set aside for any of these purposes in a hospital. Palliative Care Services for palliative care provided at a hospital, as defined under Regulation 964 under the Public Hospitals Act, R.S.O. 1990, c.P-40 are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Services for palliative care provided at Casey House or any other hospice which is approved for hospital purposes pursuant to an Order- in-Council under the Public Hospitals Act are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Illness An illness is a bodily injury, disease, mental infirmity, sickness or the consequences of surgery needed to donate a body part to another person. Incurred Expense You incur an expense on the date the service is received or the supplies are purchased or rented. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 5 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Reasonable and Standard medically approved treatments and procedures which are Customary normally applied in the treatment of a particular illness or condition Expenses and are provided at costs equivalent to the normal charges for such treatment in the