entitlement to any benefits under the government program, or ▪ any waiting lists. Vision Care To correct a vision impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of contact lenses, laser eye correction surgery or eyeglasses (lenses and frames) including tinting, sunglasses, safety glasses and their replacement, as long as they are prescribed in writing by an ophthalmologist or a licensed optometrist and obtained from an ophthalmologist, licensed optometrist or qualified optician. Laser eye correction surgery if performed by an ophthalmologist may be co-ordinated with available coverage under paramedical services. The Plan will cover 100% of these costs up to a maximum of $550 in any benefit year for persons under 18 years of age, with the benefit year commencing January 1 and a two-year Benefit period for persons 18 years of age and older, with the benefit period commencing January 1, of even numbered years. Maximums will renew annually for persons under 18 years of age and every 2 years for all other persons. The Plan will not pay for glasses of any kind purchased over the counter or examinations by eye care professionals. Hearing Care To correct a hearing impairment, the Plan will cover hearing aids, including maintenance and repairs, prescribed in writing by an Ear, Nose and Throat (E.N.T.) specialist, Otolaryngologist, Medical Doctor (M.D.) or an Audiologist, up to a maximum of $3,500 per person for the three-year benefit period commencing on January 1, 2022. In addition to the more usual hearing aid devices, coverage will also Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 23 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Extended Health Care include expenses for aids to hearing if prescribed by a medical doctor. These will include: ▪ a device that produces extra-loud audible signals such as a bell, horn, or buzzer; ▪ a device to permit the volume adjustment of telephone equipment above normal levels; ▪ a bone-conduction telephone receiver; and ▪ the batteries that are required for that purpose, and repairs; ▪ teletypewriter or similar device, including a telephone ringing indicator, that enables an individual to make and receive telephone calls; ▪ a device to decode special television signals to permit the script of a program to be visually displayed; and ▪ a visual or vibratory signaling device, including a visual fire alarm indicator, for an individual with a hearing impairment. The above coverage will be subject to the $3,500 maximum per insured person as noted above. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Coverage Under If you are covered for Vision or Hearing care under another plan, your more than one Plan benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the "Submission of Claims" section of this booklet for instructions. Your coordination Details of current coverage under the government medicare plans with Government can be found on the website of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Plans Long Term Care at www.health.gov.on.ca. The following provides a brief description of some of the services that are integrated with your Extended Health Care coverage. Assistive Devices