of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or civil commotion. ▪ commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by the insured person. ▪ any cause for which compensation is available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Payment After If your coverage terminates, you will still be covered for procedures to coverage ends repair natural teeth damaged by an accidental blow if: ▪ the accident occurred while you were still covered, and ▪ the procedure is performed within 6 months after the date of the accident. Expenses Outside Expenses for emergency dental care outside Canada will qualify as of Province/Canada eligible expenses to the extent that they represent the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed, provided an expense for such dental care would qualify as an eligible expense, in the Province of Ontario. For expenses incurred for dental care performed outside Canada on an other than emergency basis, the benefit provided under this contract will be the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed but not exceeding the level of eligible expenses for the Province of Ontario. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 40 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Short Term Disability Section 16 - Short Term Disability Plan (STD) General description The Colleges have full legal and financial liability for this benefit. of the coverage Questions or inquiries in regard to this benefit must be directed to your College’s Benefits Administrator. The Short Term Disability Plan (STD) is not an insurance plan. It is a benefit paid directly to you by the College. The full description of the STD Plan is set out in Article 17, 21.07 D and 26.08 of the current Academic Collective Agreement. Cumulative Sick Leave Credits A member of the Academic Bargaining Unit employed by the College on a Partial-Load basis on or after April 1, 1991, will accumulate sick leave credits in hours as set out in Article 26.08 B of the current Academic Collective Agreement. Unused sick leave credits will be accumulated. However, no gratuity entitlement will be attached to these credits. A member of the Academic Bargaining Unit employed by the College on a Partial-Load basis prior to April 1, 1991, will accumulate sick leave credits as set out in Article 26.08 B of the current Academic Collective Agreement. Unused sick leave credits will be accumulated. After ten years of service at a single College, any unused sick leave credits are payable upon death, termination or retirement. The formula for calculating payment is: credits in hours X hourly rate of pay 2 480* *Annual teaching maximum. The payout is subject to a maximum gratuity of 50% of the annual maximum number of hours of teaching (i.e. 10 months X 4 weeks X 12 hours) Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 41 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Short Term Disability Bridging Benefit The Bridging Benefit is set out in Article 26.08 C of