a licensed air ambulance for transportation of the person to the nearest hospital qualified to render the emergency medical services is covered by OHIP in the Province of Ontario. The EHC Plan will pay a maximum of what would have been payable for a local land ambulance trip. Diagnostic services The following diagnostic services that you receive outside of a hospital, except where your provincial plan considers the expense to be an insured service: laboratory tests, when prescribed by a doctor.  ultrasounds.  Dental Services as the Dental services for the repair or alleviation of damages to natural teeth result of an accident sustained in an accident occurring while you or your Dependent(s) are insured under this provision. The services include braces and splints. These services must be received within 12 months after the accident. You will not be covered for more than the fee stated in the Dental Association Fee Guide for a general practitioner in the Province of Ontario. The fee guide must be the current guide at the time that treatment is received. Note: It will be necessary for you to provide to Sun Life a separate detailed account of the cause of the injury along with the Extended Health Care claim form. Medical Supplies and The Plan covers medically necessary equipment rented that meets the Equipment person’s basic medical needs. It is important to note that where the purchase of durable equipment is less expensive than rental, it will be given consideration by Sun Life. When suitable alternate equipment is available, eligible expenses are limited to the cost of the least expensive equipment that meets the person’s basic medical needs. For example, manual wheelchairs are normally considered sufficient to meet basic medical needs, except if the person’s medical condition warrants the use of an electric wheelchair. ▪ casts, splints, trusses, braces and crutches. ▪ breast prostheses and surgical bras, required as a result of surgery, up to a maximum of $600 per person in any Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 20 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Extended Health Care calendar year. ▪ artificial limbs and eyes, (excluding myoelectric and microprocessor appliances) including repairs and replacements when medically necessary. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Further information is provided at the end of this section. ▪ oxygen and its administration. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Further information is provided at the end of this section. ▪ wigs required as a result of illness or following chemotherapy. ▪ elastic support stockings, including pressure gradient hose, up to a combined maximum of 4 pairs per person in a calendar year. ▪ Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM) receivers, transmitters or sensors, for persons diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, up to a combined maximum of $4,000 per person per benefit year. You must provide us with a doctor's note confirming the diagnosis. ▪ cannabis for medical treatment, if the information you and your doctor provide on Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis meets clinical criteria,