the Dentist. If payment is to be made to you and you have set up a direct deposit with Sun Life (www.mysunlife.ca) the payment will be deposited to your account within a couple of days. Otherwise, a cheque will be mailed to your home address. Orthodontic Claims Although most orthodontists will quote a single amount for the full course of treatment covering several years, orthodontic expenses will be reimbursed based on a monthly or quarterly basis as treatment is rendered. The Plan will not prepay services that have not been rendered. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and the claim for my claim to be form has been completed satisfactorily, your claim should be processed? processed within 7 days. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre-printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. Each time you file a claim, you must follow the same process. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 59 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated, you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1 800 361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Making a Life Insurance Claim How to make a claim Your College’s Benefits Administrator must be contacted immediately, and will assist you or your beneficiary with the process associated with filing a death claim. Your Death Claim In the event of your death the following must occur as soon as possible after your death: ▪ A claim form must be completed by the College. ▪ A claim form must be completed by your beneficiary. ▪ The completed claim forms along with a death certificate from your attending physician or funeral home must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. For Accidental Death & If you suffer a loss other than death, the following must occur within Dismemberment Claims six months of the loss: (Applicable only to ▪ A claim form must be completed by the College. employees) ▪ A claim form must be completed by you. ▪ The completed claim forms along with an Attending Physician’s Statement clearly indicating the date and details of the accident, the nature of the injury, the date of loss and the degree of loss must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. Death Claim for your In the event of the death of a Dependent, the following must occur as Dependent(s) soon as possible after the death of a dependent: ▪ A