keep the College informed of any change in address or other information as the College or the insurer may require. The eligible survivor will be requested to provide the following information in order to ensure claims are paid appropriately and delays in processing the payments are avoided. ▪ their date of birth. ▪ proof that they are in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan or the Teachers’ Pension Plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 14 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Section 11 - Extended Health Care (Medicare Supplement) General description The Extended Health Care Plan pays for eligible services or supplies of the coverage that are medically necessary for the treatment of an illness and supplements your provincial hospital and medical insurance plans (e.g. OHIP). However, there are additional eligibility requirements that apply to drugs (see Prior authorization program for details). Medically necessary means generally recognized by the Canadian medical profession as effective, appropriate and required in the treatment of an illness in accordance with Canadian medical standards. Any amount payable under the Extended Health Care Plan is subject to the coinsurance and the list of eligible expenses. The Ontario Health Insurance Act prohibits duplication of coverage of the provincial medical and hospital plans. To qualify for this coverage you must be a Canadian resident and entitled to coverage under OHIP, (see also Section 14) or another Medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another Canadian province or territory or Canadian federal government plan. In some instances, where permitted by law, expenses covered under this Extended Health Care plan are integrated with certain provincial medicare programs such as the Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP) and the Ontario Drug Benefit Plan (ODB). Please refer to the end of Section 13 for a brief description of these programs. Reference to Doctor may also include a nurse practitioner – If the applicable provincial legislation permits nurse practitioners to prescribe or order certain supplies or services, Sun Life will reimburse those eligible services or supplies prescribed or ordered by a nurse practitioner the same way as if they were prescribed or ordered by a doctor. For drugs, refer to Other health professionals allowed to prescribe drugs. Who is covered? All Partial-Load Academic employees who have completed the enrolment form electing the benefit and served the waiting period are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan which includes semi- private hospital accommodation. Waiting Period Completion of one calendar month of employment. The coverage begins on the first day of the month following the completion of your waiting period provided you are actively at work on that day. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 15 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Otherwise the insurance becomes effective when you return to work. Amount of Coverage 100% of the difference between the cost of a ward and the semi- private hospital room rate in Canada. 85% of eligible expenses for: ▪ services, while not confined to a hospital, of private duty registered nurses or registered trained attendants, if medically