Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims Section 19 - Submission of Claims Making Claims Sun Life is dedicated to processing your claims promptly and efficiently. You should contact your employer to get the proper form to make a claim. There are time limits for making claims. These limits are discussed in the appropriate sections of this employee benefits booklet. If you fail to abide by these time limits, you may not be entitled to some or all benefit payments. All claims must be made in writing on forms approved by Sun Life. For the assessment of a claim, Sun Life may require medical records or reports, proof of payment, itemized bills, or other information Sun Life considers necessary. Proof of claim is at your expense. Legal Actions Limitation period for Ontario: Every action or proceeding against an insurer for the recovery of insurance money payable under the contract is absolutely barred unless commenced within the time set out in the Limitations Act, 2002. Limitation period for any other province: Every action or proceeding against an insurer for the recovery of insurance money payable under the contract is absolutely barred unless commenced within the time set out in the Insurance Act or other applicable legislation of your province or territory. Making an Extended Health Care Claim Drug Card Plan The drug card is used for prescription drugs only. The card is Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 55 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Submission of Claims accepted at most drug stores across Canada. The drug card cannot be used outside Canada. Other claims, such as physiotherapy or medical supplies, are not covered under the drug card plan and receipts must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form to obtain reimbursement. These claims must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form. What happens if I do If you do not use the card for all your drug purchases, your not use the drug card to reimbursement could be affected due to pharmacy mark-ups on the cost purchase my drugs of the drugs. This means that you may have to pay more out-of pocket Time limits for filing Claims must be received by Sun Life within the earliest of: a claim ▪ 548 days following the date on which the expense was incurred, ▪ 90 days following the end of your Extended Health Care coverage, or ▪ 90 days following the termination of the Extended Health Care provision. Co-ordination of If you are covered for Extended Health Care under this plan and you benefits and or your spouse are covered under another plan, your benefits will (Coverage under more be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry than one plan) standards. These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Here are some guidelines: ▪ if you are claiming expenses for your spouse who is covered for those expenses under another plan, you must send the claim to your spouse’s plan first. ▪ if you are