unique number and will contain a code to identify your employee group, your College and your file. This is necessary in order for Sun Life to process your claims and for you to access your claims information. Confidentiality Your privacy is respected and the personal information collected is held between your College and Sun Life in the strictest confidence. At Sun Life Financial, access to your personal information is restricted to the persons outlined in the Respecting Your Privacy clause at the end of this booklet. Updating your To ensure that your benefit coverage is kept up-to-date, it is important Records that you report any of the following changes to your Benefits Administrator at the College: ▪ change of name. ▪ change of beneficiary. ▪ addition of a spouse/partner and/or dependent child. ▪ change in marital status. ▪ death of a spouse/partner and/or dependent child. Accessing your Where required by legislation, for insured benefits, you may obtain records copies of the following documents: your enrolment form or application for insurance. ◼ any written statements or other record, not otherwise part of the ◼ application, that you provided to Sun Life as evidence of insurability. with reasonable notice, the contract. The first copy will be ◼ provided at no cost to you but a fee may be charged for subsequent copies. All requests for copies of documents should be directed to one of the following sources: Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca. ◼ Sun Life’s Customer Care centre by calling toll-free at ◼ 1-800-361-6212. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 9 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Section 7 - Changing Benefit Coverage Changes affecting Changes in employment and personal status may affect your benefit your coverage coverage. It is important for you to contact your Benefits Administrator to discuss your benefit coverage prior to the effective date of an employment status change or within 31 days following a personal status change. Benefit coverage during There is provision in your group contract for you to continue benefit leaves of absence, coverage when you are not actively at work, provided certain criteria illness, etc. are met. If you are absent from work on an employer-approved personal leave of absence with pay, personal leave of absence without pay, maternity/parental leave, professional development leave, illness or disability, benefits can be continued. If you are absent on a leave of absence without pay, the maximum period of time you may continue to participate in the benefit plans is 24 consecutive months. Personal status You may change your Extended Health Care, Vision, Hearing, and changes and Extended Dental Care coverage from single to family or vice-versa under the Health and Dental following special circumstances: Care benefits ▪ if there is a change in your marital status. ▪ if you gain or lose a dependent. To change your coverage, you must notify the Human Resources Department within 31 days of when the change takes place. To determine when a spouse/partner will cease to qualify as a Dependent please see Section 3, Definitions “Spouse/Partner”. To add or increase