of Ontario, the beneficiary is revocable by the Province of Ontario insured. This means that you may change your beneficiary appointment at any time without the approval of your beneficiary. Appointment of a The Province of Quebec requires that you indicate whether your Beneficiary in the beneficiary is revocable or irrevocable at the time you make your Province of Quebec benefit election. If you have indicated the beneficiary is irrevocable at the time of enrolment, you may only change the beneficiary appointment with the written permission of the current beneficiary. The enrolment form provided by the College contains this information. Your beneficiary appointment can be a complex matter, and depending on your specific situation, you may wish to seek legal advice before making a nomination and/or changing an appointment. You can sign in to review and update your beneficiary designation on mysunlife.ca or obtain the necessary form from your Human Resources Department. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 49 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Conversion Life Insurance Conversion Converting your Life While the Life Insurance benefit is in effect with Sun Life, you may Insurance apply to convert the group Life coverage, to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health It is your responsibility to initiate an application to convert your Life Insurance with Sun Life. The College will issue a conversion form to you. This form will confirm details of your employment such as your start date with the College, the amount of insurance coverage in effect at the time of your separation from the College, the termination date of your insurance as well as providing a list of Sun Life numbers where you can call to get more information about your options on an individual policy. You have 31 days from the date your insurance is reduced or ceases to convert your Life Insurance to an individual Life policy with Sun Life. You may only exercise the conversion option once. How much can I You may convert your total Life Insurance coverage to a maximum of convert $200,000. If you die during the If you die during this 31 day conversion period, the conversion amount Conversion Period of Life Insurance coverage will be paid to your last named beneficiary as recorded on your file in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your While the Dependent Life Insurance benefit is in effect with Sun Dependent Life Life, you may apply to convert your spouse’s Life coverage to an Insurance individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. This is not available for dependent children. How long do I have to You have 31 days from the date your Dependent Life insurance ceases convert my spouse's life to convert to a private policy with Sun Life. insurance? What happens if my If your Spouse dies during this 31 day conversion period, the spouse dies during the conversion amount of Dependent Life Insurance coverage will be paid conversion period? as a death claim to you. Effective February 1,