Insurance ▪ Employee Pay-All Life Insurance ▪ Dependent Life Insurance ▪ Critical Illness Insurance Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Supplementary Life Insurance 50% 50% Employee Pay-All Life Insurance 0% 100% Dependent Life Insurance 0% 100% Critical Illness Insurance 0% 100% Life Insurance The premiums the College pays towards your Basic Life and Premium Paid by the Supplementary Life Insurance are taxable income to you. This amount Employer forms part of your income and it will be reflected on your Income Tax Statement from the College each year. Premium Deductions In addition to the cost of the benefits, if you are a resident of Ontario Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 6 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information or a resident of Quebec, provincial retail sales tax is applied to the actual premium and must be paid by you and the College. The College’s Benefits Administrator will provide the premium deduction information to you at the time of enrolment. Section 5 - When Coverage Begins New Employee The waiting period for a new employee under your group contract is indicated on the following chart: BENEFIT WAITING PERIOD Basic Life Insurance Completion of one month of continuous Accidental Death & Dismemberment full-time employment. Insurance Supplementary Life Insurance Employee Pay-All Life Insurance Dependent Basic Life Insurance Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care) Dental Care Completion of six months of continuous full-time employment. Long Term Disability Completion of two months of continuous full-time employment. Critical Illness Insurance Completion of one month of continuous full-time employment. Coverage begins Your coverage begins the first day following the completion of the waiting periods, provided you are 'actively at work full-time' on the date your coverage becomes effective. In the event you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to 'active work full- time'. For Critical Illness coverage, refer to Section 16. If for any reason, you stop being actively at work (see Section 3“Definitions”) during the waiting periods, you should contact the Benefits Administrator at your College to determine the status of your benefits. In the event benefit improvements for Life Insurance and Long Term Disability are negotiated, you must be actively at work full-time on the date the changes are effective in order to qualify for the improvements. If you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the date you return to active work full-time. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 7 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Dependent(s) Coverage for your Dependents begins on the latest of: ▪ the date you become eligible, if they are your Dependents on that date, ▪ the date they first become your Dependents after the effective date of your coverage, if your request for coverage is received by the College within 31 days, or ▪ for Life Insurance, on the date of approval by Sun Life if your request for coverage is received later than 31 days after they first become your Dependents. ▪ for Extended Health Care and Dental Care, on the date