Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM) receivers, transmitters or sensors, for persons diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, up to a combined maximum of $4,000 per person per benefit year. You must provide us with a doctor's note confirming the diagnosis. ▪ cannabis for medical treatment, if the information you and your doctor provide on Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis meets clinical criteria, including symptoms, for conditions approved by us. If you submit a claim for medical cannabis and have not been pre-approved, your claim will be declined. Medical cannabis must be dispensed according to Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 21 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Health Canada's regulations. The maximum amount payable is $4,000 per person per benefit year. To obtain Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis, call Sun Life's Customer Care Centre toll-free at 1-800-361-6212. Orthopaedic Shoes or Custom-made orthotic inserts for shoes or custom-made orthopaedic Orthotics shoes or modifications to orthopaedic shoes, when prescribed by a doctor, podiatrist or chiropodist, up to a maximum of 2 pairs for persons under 8 years of age, and one pair for persons 8 years of age and over, in a calendar year. Paramedical The Plan will cover 90% of the costs, up to a combined maximum of services $4,750 per insured person in a calendar year for all eligible expenses listed below; this includes the difference between what OHIP allows for podiatrists and your actual charge. Paramedical services must be deemed by the profession's licensing/regulatory board to be within the scope of that profession. A service deemed to not be within the scope of the profession will not be covered. Note: The paramedical service provider must be licensed to practice in the province in which the services are rendered. Doctor’s order not required: Services of licensed acupuncturists, audiologist, chiropodist*, chiropractor*, massage therapist, naturopath, occupational therapist, optometrist/ophthalmologist, osteopath (this category of paramedical specialists also includes osteopathic practitioners)*, psychologist, psychotherapist, physiotherapist, podiatrist*, social worker and speech therapist. *includes one x-ray examination per specialty each calendar year What is not covered The Plan will not pay for the costs of: ▪ services or supplies payable or available (regardless of any waiting list) under any government-sponsored plan or program, except as described below under Integration with government programs. ▪ services or supplies payable in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan in your province of residence. ▪ hospital services or supplies to the extent they are covered under the Hospital Plan which are paid for in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan, whether or not you or your Dependent(s) are enrolled under the provincial plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 22 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care ▪ services or supplies for which the person is eligible for payment under any group medical, surgical or hospital plan. ▪ any services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat an illness, including experimental or investigational treatments. Experimental or investigational treatments mean treatments that are not approved by Health