and its clinical ◼ effectiveness. recommendations by health technology assessment organizations ◼ Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 18 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Extended Health Care and provinces. your response to preferred drug therapy. ◼ If not, your claim will be declined. Sun Life’s prior authorization forms are available from the following sources: Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca/priorauthorization ◼ Sun Life’s Customer Care centre by calling toll-free ◼ 1-800-361-6212 Other health The Plan reimburses certain drugs prescribed by other qualified health professionals allowed to professionals the same way as if the drugs were prescribed by a doctor prescribe drugs or a dentist if the applicable provincial legislation permits them to prescribe those drugs. Medical services The Extended Health Care Plan will cover 85% of the costs for the Reimbursement medical services listed below when ordered by a doctor (the services Amount of a licensed dentist do not require a doctor’s order). Private Duty Nursing A pre-determination of eligibility is required for this benefit for you or your dependents. Obtain and submit the “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire” form which is to be completed by the attending physician. Expenses for private duty nursing services, outside of a hospital, are eligible if the care is: ▪ carried out by a registered graduate nurse (R.N.), certified nursing assistant (C.N.A.), registered nursing assistant (R.N.A.), or licensed practical nurse (L.P.N.). Service provider must be licensed, certified or registered in the province where you live and who does not normally live with you. ▪ medically necessary and prescribed by the licensed attending physician, and ▪ the type of medical care can only be performed by a qualified R.N., C.N.A., R.N.A., or L.P.N. ▪ services must be for nursing care and not for custodial care. Ambulance OHIP covers the cost of licensed ambulance services, where medically necessary, for local transportation of the person to and from the nearest hospital qualified to provide the required care. You are responsible to pay a co-payment for these services. The Extended Health Care Plan will reimburse you for 85% of the co-payment amount. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 19 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Extended Health Care In the event that an unexpected condition occurs (emergency situation) such as illness, disease or injury which requires immediate assistance, the expense for the use of a licensed air ambulance for transportation of the person to the nearest hospital qualified to render the emergency medical services is covered by OHIP in the Province of Ontario. The EHC Plan will pay a maximum of what would have been payable for a local land ambulance trip. Diagnostic services The following diagnostic services that you receive outside of a hospital, except where your provincial plan considers the expense to be an insured service: laboratory tests, when prescribed by a doctor.  ultrasounds.  Dental Services as the Dental services for the repair or alleviation of damages to natural teeth result of an accident sustained in an accident occurring while you or your Dependent(s) are insured under this provision. The services include braces and splints. These services must