2025 (1) 39 Academic Employees Short Term Disability Section 13- Short Term Disability Plan (STD) General description The Colleges have full legal, financial and administrative responsibility of the coverage for this benefit. Questions or inquiries in regard to this benefit must be directed to your College’s Benefits Administrator. The Short Term Disability Plan (STD) is not an insurance plan. It is a benefit paid directly to you by the College. The full description of the STD plan is documented in the current Academic Collective Agreement. Cumulative Sick Leave Credits A member of the Academic Bargaining Unit employed by the College on a full-time basis on or after April 1, 1991, will accumulate sick leave credits at the rate of 20 days per year of continuous service, or pro- ration thereof. Unused sick leave credits will be accumulated. However, no gratuity entitlement will be attached to these credits. A member of the Academic Bargaining Unit employed by the College on a full-time basis prior to April 1, 1991, will accumulate sick leave credits at the rate of 20 days per year of continuous services, or a pro- ration thereof. Unused sick leave credits will be accumulated. After ten years of continuous full-time service at a single College, any unused sick leave credits are payable upon death, termination or retirement, provided you have not received a payment under the Sick Leave Buyout Plan. The formula for calculating payment is: credits X 1 X annual base salary 2 261 The payout is subject to a maximum gratuity of 50% of annual base salary. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 40 Academic Employees Short Term Disability Some Colleges have different formulas, etc. It is recommended that you contact your College or Union Local President regarding the formula at your College. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 41 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Section 14 - Long Term Disability (LTD) General description As a full-time Academic employee you have Long Term Disability of the coverage coverage which provides a benefit to you if you become 'totally disabled' for an amount equal to 60% of your monthly base salary. The Plan will pay this benefit to you if you have exhausted the elimination period specified under the Plan and you provide proof of claim acceptable to Sun Life that: ▪ you became totally disabled while covered, and ▪ you are under the regular care of a physician for the disability. The benefit will continue to be paid as long as you continue to meet the relevant definition of total disability as defined in the group contract or the last day of the month in which you attain age 65. What is meant by For the purposes of your Long Term Disability coverage: Totally Disabled? ▪ during the elimination period and the following 24 months (this period is known as the own occupation period), we consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform the essential duties of your own occupation, in any workplace, including in a different department