Benefits Administrator will provide the premium deduction information to you at the time of enrolment. Section 5 - When Coverage Begins New Employee The waiting period for a new employee under your group contract is indicated on the following chart. For purposes of your group insurance benefits, you are considered a new employee under your first partial-load contract or if there is a break of more than 6 months between partial-load contracts. BENEFIT WAITING PERIOD Basic Life Insurance First of the month following the Accidental Death & completion of one calendar month Dismemberment Insurance of partial-load employment. Supplementary Life Insurance Employee Pay-All Life Insurance Dependent Basic Life Insurance Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care) Dental Care First of the month following the completion of six calendar months of partial-load employment. Critical Illness Insurance On completion of one calendar month of partial-load employment. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 7 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Bridging Benefits If you were participating in a benefit and have completed your initial and Waiting Period waiting period and you become re-employed with the College within 6 months of the end of any partial-load contract, waiting periods for these benefits will be waived and coverage will be effective from the first day of the new partial-load contract. Optional benefits once declined/not elected are not available unless more than 6 months have expired between partial-load contracts. Where more than 6 months have expired between partial-load contracts, you will have to complete a new enrolment form and elect the coverage you wish. The appropriate waiting periods must be served on all the benefits you elect (see above table). Coverage begins Your coverage begins the first day following the completion of the waiting periods provided you are 'actively at work' on the date your coverage becomes effective. In the event you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to 'active work'. For Critical Illness coverage, refer to Section 18. You must be actively at work on the date you qualify for the insurance but if you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to active work. If for any reason, you stop being actively at work, you should contact the Benefits Administrator at your College to determine the status of your benefits. In the event benefit improvements for Life Insurance are negotiated, you must be actively at work on the date improvements to the Life insurance are effective in order to qualify for such improvements. If you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the date you return to active work. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 8 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Dependent(s) Coverage for your Dependents begins on the latest of: ▪ the date you become eligible, if they are your Dependents on that date, ▪ the date they first become your Dependents after the effective date of your coverage, if your request for coverage is received by the College within 31 days, or