on the Academic Joint Insurance Committee (JIC) who represent the Ontario Public Service Employees Union (OPSEU), the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology (CAAT), the College Employer Council (CEC), and representatives from the Insurance Company, Sun Life. Benefits for Partial-Load employees were established under the Academic Pay Equity Plan as required by the 'Pay Equity Act, (1987)'. The effective date for participation in benefits was July 1, 1990. The information contained in this booklet will not in any way diminish current benefit levels in effect as of the date of issue. The information in this booklet is important to you and should be kept in a safe place. It describes all group insurance benefits available to you, explains your entitlements and various administrative issues relating to the Group Insurance Benefit Program. For confirmation of the specific benefit coverage you have elected, please refer to your copy of your Group Insurance Positive Enrolment Form or contact your College’s Benefits Administrator. It is important to note that this booklet is only a summary of your group contract. It is not a legal document. If there are any discrepancies between the group contract and the information in this booklet, the group contract will take priority and the Insurance Company will follow the group contract when making a decision to pay a claim. Benefits described in the booklet are applicable only if you and your Dependent(s) are insured according to the records maintained for the group contract. If you have any questions about the information in this employee benefits booklet, or if you need additional information about your group benefits, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator or Union Local Representative. About the Group The group insurance benefit program and the cost-sharing arrangements Insurance Benefits provided to the CAAT Academic Partial-Load Employee Group are a Program result of negotiations and are set out in the Academic Staff Collective Agreement. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 1 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Section 2 - Roles and Responsibilities College Employer The CEC is the Contract Holder on behalf of the Colleges, and is Council responsible to ensure that the terms of the group contract are adhered (Contract Holder) to by the Insurance Company and the Colleges. About the Joint The Academic JIC consisting of representatives of OPSEU, CAAT and Insurance Committee CEC has been established under the Terms of Reference in the (JIC) Academic Collective Agreement. The committee meets on a regular basis to discuss group insurance benefits matters. The duties of the Committee include the review of contentious claims and recommendations thereon, when such claim problems have not been resolved through the existing administrative procedures. Colleges The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology are responsible to: (Administrators) ▪ maintain all records regarding an employee’s coverage. ▪ ensure the group contracts are adhered to. ▪ communicate the provisions of the group contract to employees. Each College has a designated individual(s) in the Human Resources Division and/or Payroll Services who is responsible for the group insurance benefit program. OPSEU OPSEU is responsible to: (the employee’s