it is necessary, by a medical specialist. It must be the usual and reasonable treatment for the condition and must be provided as frequently as is usually required by the condition. It must not be limited solely to examinations or testing. Benefit Year & January 1 to December 31. Calendar Year Dentist A person who is currently licensed to practise dentistry by the governmental authority having jurisdiction over the licensing and practising of dentistry, and who is operating within the scope of the issued licence. The definition usually includes licensed dental hygienists, dental assistants or denturists, etc. Dependent(s) Who qualifies as your dependent: The dependent must be your spouse or your child and a resident of Canada or the United States. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 3 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Spouse/Partner Spouse means: ▪ Your spouse by marriage or under any other formal union recognized by law ▪ Your partner of either gender who is publicly represented as your spouse with whom you have cohabited for one full year (12 continuous months) or, ▪ If you are the natural or adoptive parents of a child as defined in the Family Law Act 1990 (Ontario) Note: For group insurance purposes, your spouse/partner will cease to meet the definition of a person qualified as your dependent upon the earlier of: ▪ The date you have entered into a “Separation Agreement” with your spouse/partner; or ▪ Without a “Separation Agreement”, having lived separate and apart from your spouse for not less than 12 months. You can cover only one spouse at any time Dependent Child(ren) Your children and your spouse’s children (other than foster children) are eligible dependents if they are not married on in any other formal union recognized by law, and under age 21. A child who is a full-time student attending an educational institution recognized under the Income Tax Act (Canada) is also considered an eligible dependent until the age of 25 as long as the child is entirely dependent on you for financial support. If a child becomes disabled before the limiting age, we will continue coverage as long as: ▪ The child is incapable of financial self-support because of a physical or mental disability, and ▪ The child depends on you for financial support, and is not married nor in any other formal union recognized by law In these cases, you must notify your College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of the date the child attains the limiting age. In addition, a Disabled Child Coverage form must be completed and sent to Sun Life within 6 months of the date the child attains the limiting age. Your employer can give you more information about this. Doctor A doctor is a physician or surgeon who is licensed to practise medicine where that practice is located. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 4 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Eligibility Conditions that must be satisfied in order to participate in the Plan, and Requirements obtain a benefit. Partial-Load You are employed by