House or any other hospice which is approved for hospital purposes pursuant to an Order- in-Council under the Public Hospitals Act are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Illness An illness is a bodily injury, disease, mental infirmity, sickness or the consequences of surgery needed to donate a body part to another person. Incurred Expense You incur an expense on the date the service is received or the supplies are purchased or rented. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 5 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Reasonable and Standard medically approved treatments and procedures which are Customary normally applied in the treatment of a particular illness or condition Expenses and are provided at costs equivalent to the normal charges for such treatment in the location where such treatment is provided. Survivor(s) Eligible Dependent(s) of an employee who becomes deceased while employed by the College provided the employee was participating in the group insurance benefits at the time of his or her death. Refer to Section 10 for further details. Section 4 - Categories of Benefits Basic Benefit All Partial-Load employees shall participate in the following benefit. However, if you have Extended Health Care coverage through your spouse’s group insurance plan you may elect in writing to wave this coverage: ▪ Extended Health Care Premiums Benefits College pays: You pay: Extended Health Care 100% 0% Optional Benefits You may elect to participate in the following benefits: ▪ Basic Life Insurance ▪ Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance ▪ Supplementary Life Insurance ▪ Employee Pay-All Life Insurance ▪ Dependent Life Insurance ▪ Vision Care ▪ Hearing Care ▪ Dental Care ▪ Critical Illness Insurance Premiums Benefits College pays: You pay: Basic Life Insurance 0% 100% AD & D Insurance 0% 100% Supplementary Life Insurance 0% 100% Employee Pay-All Life Insurance 0% 100% Dependent Life Insurance 0% 100% Vision Care 0% 100% Hearing Care 0% 100% Dental Care 0% 100% Critical Illness Insurance 0% 100% Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 6 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Premium Deductions In addition to the cost of the benefits, if you are a resident of Ontario or a resident of Quebec, provincial retail sales tax is applied to the actual premium and must be paid by you and the College. The College’s Benefits Administrator will provide the premium deduction information to you at the time of enrolment. Section 5 - When Coverage Begins New Employee The waiting period for a new employee under your group contract is indicated on the following chart. For purposes of your group insurance benefits, you are considered a new employee under your first partial-load contract or if there is a break of more than 6 months between partial-load contracts. BENEFIT WAITING PERIOD Basic Life Insurance First of the month following the Accidental Death & completion of one calendar month Dismemberment Insurance of partial-load employment. Supplementary Life Insurance Employee Pay-All Life Insurance Dependent Basic Life Insurance Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care) Dental Care First of the month following the completion of six calendar