your condition. If necessary, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also guarantee or advance payment of the expenses incurred to the provider of the medical service. Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide translation services in any major Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 29 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC language that may be needed to communicate with local medical personnel. Sun Life’s ETA provider will transmit an urgent message from you to your home, business or other location. Sun Life’s ETA provider will keep messages to be picked up in its offices for up to 15 days. Transportation home Sun Life’s ETA provider may determine, in consultation with an or to a different attending physician, that it is necessary for you to be transported under medical facility medical supervision to a different hospital or treatment facility or to be sent home. In these cases, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange, guarantee, and if necessary, advance the payment for your transportation. Sun Life or Sun Life’s ETA provider, based on available medical evidence, will make the final decision whether you should be moved, when, how and to where you should be moved and what medical equipment, supplies and personnel are needed. Meals and If your return trip is delayed or interrupted due to a medical emergency accommodations or the death of a person you are travelling with who is also covered by expenses this benefit, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for your meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for each person for up to 7 days. Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment, if you have been hospitalized due to a medical emergency while away from the province where you live and have been released, but, in the opinion of Sun Life’s ETA provider, are not yet able to travel. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for up to 5 days. Travel expenses Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange and, if necessary, advance funds home if stranded for transportation to the province where you live: ▪ for you, if due to a medical emergency, you have lost the use of a ticket home because you or a dependent had to be hospitalized as an in-patient, transported to a medical facility or repatriated; or ▪ for a child who is under the age of 16, or mentally or physically Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 30 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC handicapped, and left unattended while travelling with you when you are hospitalized outside the province where you live, due to a medical emergency. If necessary, in the case of such a child, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also make arrangements and advance funds for a qualified attendant to accompany them home. The attendant is subject to the approval of you or a member of your family. We will pay a maximum of the cost of the transportation minus any redeemable portion