coverage between your current partial-load contract and re-employment under a subsequent partial-load contract. What happens to my You may continue the benefits at the end of your contract: benefits during the ▪ until your next contract if you have a written contract of future bridging period? partial-load employment, or ▪ if you have been granted a leave of absence by the College as per Articles 21, 22 of the Collective Agreement for a maximum period of 24 consecutive months. Who pays the premium? If you pay 100% of the cost of premiums, benefits will continue. How are the waiting There is no waiting period on benefits that you have bridged or if you periods affected? are rehired within six months as a partial-load employee. A waiting period is applicable again if more than 6 months has elapsed between partial-load contracts. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 12 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Section 9 – Termination of Coverage When coverage Benefit coverage will end on the earliest of the following dates: ends ▪ the end of the month in which your employment terminates. For Active Employees ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which the premium is paid for your insurance. ▪ the date you die. ▪ for Supplemental Life, Employee Pay-All Life and Dependent Life, the end of the month in which you attain age 65, but no later than August 31st following your 65th birthday if you are actively at work. ▪ for Critical Illness, see Section 18. When your group Life Insurance coverage ends or reduces, refer to Section 17 for details about converting it to an individual Life Insurance policy. For Dependent(s) of Your Dependent’s coverage will end on the earliest of the following Active Employees dates: ▪ the end of the month in which your insurance coverage ends. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid for the Dependent coverage. ▪ the date the Dependent no longer meets the definition of an eligible Dependent. ▪ the date you die. For Survivor Benefits see Section 10. Bridging Benefit Please refer to the bridging benefit provisions under Article 26.06 D of the Academic Collective Agreement and Section 8 of this booklet. Coverage after If you retire, you may be eligible to continue certain benefits. Please Retirement request information from your College’s Benefits Administrator or refer to the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca for an explanation of the benefits available to retiring employees. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 13 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Section 10 - Survivor Benefits Survivor Benefits Provided you are participating in the Dependent coverage for Extended For Dependent(s) of Health Care, Vision Care, Hearing Care and Dental Care when you die, Active Employees coverage for your Dependents will continue until the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the last