to be hospitalized as an in-patient, transported to a medical facility or repatriated; or ▪ for a child who is under the age of 16, or mentally or physically Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 30 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC handicapped, and left unattended while travelling with you when you are hospitalized outside the province where you live, due to a medical emergency. If necessary, in the case of such a child, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also make arrangements and advance funds for a qualified attendant to accompany them home. The attendant is subject to the approval of you or a member of your family. We will pay a maximum of the cost of the transportation minus any redeemable portion of the original ticket. Travel expenses of Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange and, if necessary, advance funds family members for one round-trip economy class ticket for a member of your immediate family to travel from their home to the place where you are hospitalized if you are hospitalized for more than 7 consecutive days, and: ▪ you are travelling alone, or ▪ you are travelling only with a child who is under the age of 16 or mentally or physically handicapped. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for the family member’s meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment up to a maximum of 7 days. Repatriation If you die while out of the province where you live, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for all necessary government authorizations and for the return of your remains, in a container approved for transportation, to the province where you live. We will pay a maximum of $5,000 per return. Vehicle return Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange and, if necessary, advance funds up to $500 for the return of a private vehicle to the province where you live or a rental vehicle to the nearest appropriate rental agency if death or a medical emergency prevents you from returning the vehicle. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 31 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC Lost luggage or If your luggage or travel documents become lost or stolen while you documents are travelling outside of the province where you live, Sun Life’s ETA provider will attempt to assist you by contacting the appropriate authorities and by providing directions for the replacement of the luggage or documents. Coordination of You do not have to send claims for doctors' or hospital fees to your coverage provincial medicare plan first. This way you receive your refund faster. Sun Life and Sun Life’s ETA provider coordinate the whole process with most provincial plans and all insurers, and send you a payment for the eligible expenses. Sun Life’s ETA provider will ask you to sign a form authorizing them to act on your behalf. If you are covered under this group plan and certain other plans, we will coordinate payments with the other plans in accordance with guidelines adopted by the Canadian Life and Health