or a place for the care and treatment of drug addicts or alcoholics be considered a hospital for the purpose of this contract. Facilities and The Plan does not cover the facility nor the services provided in a services that are not nursing home, rest home, home for the aged or chronically ill, covered sanatorium, convalescent hospital or a facility for treating alcohol or drug abuse or beds set aside for any of these purposes in a hospital. Palliative Care Services for palliative care provided in a hospital, as defined under Regulation 964 under the Public Hospitals Act, R.S.O. 1990, c.P-40 are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Services for palliative care provided at Casey House or any other hospice which is approved for hospital purposes pursuant to an Order- in-Council under the Public Hospitals Act are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Illness An illness is a bodily injury, disease, mental infirmity, sickness or the consequences of surgery needed to donate a body part to another person which causes total disability. Incurred Expense An expense is incurred on the date the service is received or the supplies are purchased or rented. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 5 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Reasonable and Standard medically approved treatments and procedures which are Customary normally applied in the treatment of a particular illness or condition Expenses and are provided at costs equivalent to the normal charges for such treatment in the location where such treatment is provided. Survivor(s) Your Eligible Dependent(s) if you die while employed by the College provided you were participating in the group insurance benefits at the time of your death. Refer to Section 9 for further details. Section 4 - Categories of Benefits Mandatory Benefits You must participate in the following benefits: ▪ Basic Life Insurance ▪ Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance ▪ Long Term Disability ▪ Extended Health Care (includes Vision and Hearing Care) ▪ Dental Care Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Basic Life Insurance 100% 0% AD & D Insurance 100% 0% Long Term Disability 0% 100% Extended Health Care 100% 0% ▪ Vision Care 75% 25% ▪ Hearing Care 75% 25% Dental Care 100% 0% Optional Benefits You may elect to participate in the following benefits: ▪ Supplementary Life Insurance ▪ Employee Pay-All Life Insurance ▪ Dependent Life Insurance ▪ Critical Illness Insurance Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Supplementary Life Insurance 50% 50% Employee Pay-All Life Insurance 0% 100% Dependent Life Insurance 0% 100% Critical Illness Insurance 0% 100% Life Insurance The premiums the College pays towards your Basic Life and Premium Paid by the Supplementary Life Insurance are taxable income to you. This amount Employer forms part of your income and it will be reflected on your Income Tax Statement from the College each year. Premium Deductions In addition to the cost of the benefits, if you are a resident of Ontario Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 6 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information or a resident of Quebec, provincial retail