maximum of 2 sets per calendar year. ▪ X-rays to diagnose a symptom or examine progress of a particular course of treatment. Other services ▪ Required consultations with another dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Required consultations between the patient and dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Fillings – amalgam, silicate, composite, acrylic or equivalent. ▪ Polishing (cleaning) and topical fluoride treatment, once every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 per calendar year. ▪ Protective athletic appliance (mouthguards). ▪ Scaling. ▪ Other preventive services. ▪ Diagnostic tests and laboratory examinations, but excluding x- rays, study models or similar records prepared for orthodontic procedures. ▪ Provision of space maintainers for missing primary teeth. Restorative Dental Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat basic dental and Surgical problems and include: Procedures (Type B – 100%) Required consultation between your Dentist and another Dentist. Retentive pins. Prefabricated, full coverage restorations. Caries, trauma and pain control. Professional visits. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 36 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Dental Care Extraction of teeth ▪ Removal of teeth. Endodontics ▪ Root canal therapy and root canal fillings, and treatment of disease of the pulp tissue. Periodontics ▪ Treatment of disease of the gum and other supporting tissue. Oral surgery ▪ Surgery and related anaesthesia, other than implant related surgery (Type E procedures). ▪ Therapeutic intra-muscular or intravenous drug injection. ▪ Adjunctive general services. Denture Procedures Your dental benefits include removable dental prosthesis to resolve (Type C – 100%) dental problems and include: ▪ Complete maxillary and/or mandibular dentures - once every 3 years per arch. ▪ Removable partial dentures - once every 3 years. ▪ Denture adjustments. ▪ Repair of dentures. ▪ Rebase or reline of an existing partial or complete denture. ▪ Customary commercial laboratory fees associated with the above. Construction and insertion of standard dentures. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement standard denture is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous standard denture unless: ▪ it is needed to replace a standard denture which has caused temporomandibular joint disturbances and which cannot be economically modified to correct the condition. ▪ it is needed to replace a transitional denture which was inserted shortly following extraction of teeth and which cannot be economically modified to the final shape required. Major Restorative: Your dental benefits include permanent dental prosthesis to resolve Crowns, Bridges dental problems and include: and Implants ▪ Bridges. (Type E – 100%) ▪ Repairs to bridges. ▪ Inlays ▪ Onlays ▪ Pins in inlays, onlays and crowns Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 37 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Dental Care ▪ Post and core ▪ Crowns and repairs to crowns. ▪ Implants. Construction and insertion of bridges. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement bridge is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous bridge