Life’s ETA provider to fully provide service to the best of its ability during any such occurrence. Liability of Sun Life Neither Sun Life nor Sun Life’s ETA provider will be liable for the or Sun Life’s ETA negligence or other wrongful acts or omissions of any physician or provider other health care professional providing direct services covered under this group plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 34 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Dental Care Section 15 - Dental Care General description of the coverage Amount of Coverage ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for preventative dental procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for restorative and surgical procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for prosthodontic procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for inlays, onlays, crowns, repairs of crowns, repair of bridges, construction and insertion of bridges and implants. ▪ 50% of eligible expenses for orthodontic procedures. What are the maximums? Insured Percentage Maximum Types A, B and C $2,500 Basic Services, Types A, B and C including dentures 100% combined (per calendar year) Type E Major Restorative, 100% $4,000 Crowns & Bridges (per calendar year) and Implants Type D Orthodontic 50% $2,500 (Lifetime) What fees are covered? The fees stated in the Ontario Dental Association Fee Guide for general practitioners which was current one year prior to the date the eligible expenses were incurred, regardless of where the treatment is received. The specific Ontario Dental Association procedure codes for the services described below are posted on the Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca and are subject to change from year to year. Temporary Dental If you receive any temporary dental service, it will be included as part Services of the final dental procedure used to correct the problem, and not as a separate procedure. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 35 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Dental Care Preventive Dental Your dental benefits cover procedures used to help prevent dental Procedures problems including: (Type A – 100%) Oral examinations ▪ initial examination every 24 months. ▪ 1 recall examination every 5 months, up to a maximum of 2 examinations per calendar year. ▪ emergency or specific examinations. ▪ preventive recall packages. X-rays ▪ 1 complete series of x-rays or 1 panorex every 24 months. ▪ 1 set of bitewing x-rays every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 sets per calendar year. ▪ X-rays to diagnose a symptom or examine progress of a particular course of treatment. Other services ▪ Required consultations with another dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Required consultations between the patient and dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Fillings – amalgam, silicate, composite, acrylic or equivalent. ▪ Polishing (cleaning) and topical fluoride treatment, once every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 per calendar year. ▪ Protective athletic appliance (mouthguards). ▪ Scaling. ▪ Other preventive services. ▪ Diagnostic tests and laboratory examinations, but excluding x- rays, study models or similar records prepared for orthodontic procedures. ▪ Provision of space maintainers for missing primary teeth. Restorative Dental Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat basic dental