for benefits. Any death benefit paid under this coverage is in addition to the Basic Life Insurance coverage. Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Your Accidental Amount of Insurance - $25,000 Death and Dismemberment 100% of the insurance is payable in the event of accidental death. For Insurance other Dismemberment situations the amount payable is $25,000 pro- rated in proportion to the percentages identified in the Table of Losses Chart. What the Plan will The Plan will pay for this benefit if you: pay ▪ accidentally drown. ▪ disappear in an accident while travelling. This only applies if the means of transportation disappears, sinks, is wrecked, forced to land or stranded and the body is not found within one year. There must be no evidence that you are still alive. ▪ are in an accident or exposed to the elements and, as a direct result, you suffer one of the losses listed below within 365 days of that accident or exposure. The amount that the Plan will pay is a percentage of the $25,000. The percentage depends on the loss suffered. The following table shows the percentages used to determine the payment. However, only the largest percentage is paid for injuries to the same limb resulting from the same accident, and the maximum payable due to any one accident is $25,000. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 51 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Life Insurance Coverage TABLE OF LOSSES CHART Loss of life 100% Loss of both hands 100% Loss of both feet 100% Loss of one hand 50% Loss of one foot 50% Loss of thumb and index finger on the same hand 33.33% Loss of use of one arm and one leg 100% Loss of use of one arm 50% Loss of use of one leg 50% Loss of entire sight of one eye 50% Loss of entire sight of both eyes 100% Loss of sight of one eye and either one hand or one foot 100% Accidental Loss ▪ Loss of a hand means that it was severed at or above the wrist. ▪ Loss of a foot means that it was severed at or above the ankle. ▪ Loss of a thumb and index finger means that they were severed at or above the first joint from the hand. ▪ Loss of sight must be total and permanent. Loss of use of limb must be total, continuous for 12 months, and then must be determined to be permanent and irrecoverable before the benefit is payable. What is not covered The Plan will not pay AD & D benefits for losses that are the result of: ▪ suicide or self-inflicted injury, regardless of whether the person has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions. ▪ taking any poison, drug or medicine, whether voluntarily or otherwise. ▪ inhaling gas, whether voluntarily or otherwise, other than as a result of performance by the employee of the regular