that: ▪ you became totally disabled while covered, and ▪ you are under the regular care of a physician for the disability. The benefit will continue to be paid as long as you continue to meet the relevant definition of total disability as defined in the group contract or the last day of the month in which you attain age 65. What is meant by For the purposes of your Long Term Disability coverage: Totally Disabled? ▪ during the elimination period and the following 24 months (this period is known as the own occupation period), we consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform the essential duties of your own occupation, in any workplace, including in a different department or location with your employer or with another employer, and ▪ afterwards, we will consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform any occupation, for any employer, for which you are or may become reasonably qualified by education, training, or experience. The availability of work with any employer does not affect the determination of total disability. You are encouraged to participate in Rehabilitation activities under an approved Rehabilitation program without jeopardizing your Long Term Disability benefits. LTD Benefits and Since you pay the full premium for this coverage, the benefit is non- Taxation taxable on receipt. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 42 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Amount of Insurance The amount of benefit payable to you is based on your monthly base salary on the day you first become disabled, and is non-taxable when you receive it. Your benefit cheque will be calculated as 60% of your monthly base salary less income you may receive: ▪ for the same or a subsequent disability under any government- sponsored plan, excluding Employment Insurance benefits or automatic cost-of-living increases under any government- sponsored plan that occur after benefits begin. ▪ any indemnity from any government operated or sponsored plan such as the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Canada Pension Plan and Québec Pension Plan.* ▪ under any amount of income provided for you from any employer in respect of employment prior to the date of commencement of the elimination period. ▪ any amount of income provided under any retirement or pension plan of the College. ▪ under a motor vehicle insurance plan which provides disability benefits to the extent that the law does not prohibit such a deduction. ▪ under any Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar law, where allowed by law. *If you first become entitled to Québec Pension Plan (QPP) disability benefits: ▪ before age 60, we will deduct the amount provided in your Notice of Entitlement (NOE) for the duration of your claim. ▪ on or after age 60, we will deduct the amount provided in your NOE and an additional amount. The additional amount represents a portion of the retirement amount, payable or available following an approved QPP disability application, and is comparable to the variable portion of QPP