only the largest percentage is paid for injuries to the same limb resulting from the same accident, and the maximum payable due to any one accident is $25,000. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 46 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage TABLE OF LOSSES CHART Loss of life 100% Loss of both hands 100% Loss of both feet 100% Loss of one hand 50% Loss of one foot 50% Loss of thumb and index finger on the same hand 33.33% Loss of use of one arm and one leg 100% Loss of use of one arm 50% Loss of use of one leg 50% Loss of entire sight of one eye 50% Loss of entire sight of both eyes 100% Loss of sight of one eye and either one hand or one foot 100% Accidental Loss ▪ Loss of a hand means that it was severed at or above the wrist. ▪ Loss of a foot means that it was severed at or above the ankle. ▪ Loss of a thumb and index finger means that they were severed at or above the first joint from the hand. ▪ Loss of sight must be total and permanent. Loss of use of limb must be total, continuous for 12 months, and then must be determined to be permanent and irrecoverable before the benefit is payable. What is not covered The Plan will not pay AD & D benefits for losses that are the result of: ▪ suicide or self-inflicted injury, regardless of whether the person has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions. ▪ taking any poison, drug or medicine, whether voluntarily or otherwise. ▪ inhaling gas, whether voluntarily or otherwise, other than as a result of performance by the employee of the regular duties of his employment. ▪ bodily or mental infirmity or disease of any kind or infection other than infection occurring simultaneously with and in consequence of an accidental cut or wound. ▪ flying in, descending from or being exposed to any hazard related to an aircraft while receiving flying lessons.  performing any duties in connection with the aircraft (except  when such duties are being performed as part of your occupation with the College). being flown for a parachute jump.  a member of the armed forces if the aircraft is under the  control of or chartered by the armed forces. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 47 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage ▪ war, insurrection or the hostile action of the armed forces of any country. ▪ participation in a criminal offence. Coverage during total If you became totally disabled while insured, your Accidental Death disability and Dismemberment coverage will be continued until the earlier of: ▪ the end of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date your Partial-Load contract ends. Dependent Life Insurance Coverage General description Dependent Life Insurance is term insurance which covers your spouse of the coverage and dependent