College to determine the status of your benefits. In the event benefit improvements for Life Insurance are negotiated, you must be actively at work on the date improvements to the Life insurance are effective in order to qualify for such improvements. If you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the date you return to active work. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 8 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Dependent(s) Coverage for your Dependents begins on the latest of: ▪ the date you become eligible, if they are your Dependents on that date, ▪ the date they first become your Dependents after the effective date of your coverage, if your request for coverage is received by the College within 31 days, or ▪ for Life Insurance, on the date of approval by Sun Life if your request for coverage is received later than 31 days after they first become your Dependents. ▪ for Vision Care, Hearing Care and Dental Care, if the request is received after 31 days, coverage is no longer available until there is a 6 month break between your partial-load contracts. ▪ for a Dependent, other than a newborn child, who is hospitalized, coverage will begin when the dependent is discharged from hospital. Section 6 - Enrolment Enrolment Form At the time you commence employment, the Benefits Administrator at your College will provide you with information about your Group Insurance Benefit options. You will be required to complete and sign a detailed enrolment form which collects the necessary information about yourself and your Dependent(s) (if applicable), in order for the College to administer the Group Insurance Benefit Program, and for Sun Life to adjudicate and process claims. It is important that you read this form, fully answer the questions, sign and date the form where required and return it to your Benefits Administrator no later than 31 days after you become eligible for the Extended Health Care coverage without jeopardizing your entitlement to coverage. This enrolment form also contains information relating to the completion date of your waiting period and the effective date of your benefits coverage. You will be enrolled in the mandatory and optional benefits following completion of the appropriate waiting periods. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 9 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Your Certificate Your College will assign you a certificate number that will be used to Number set up your benefit information and which you can use to generate an identification card on line in the event you need to produce proof that you have benefit coverage. This certificate number will be a unique number and will contain a code to identify your employee group, your College and your file. This is necessary in order for Sun Life to process your claims and for you to access your claims information. Confidentiality Your privacy is respected and the personal information collected is held between your College and Sun Life in the strictest confidence. At Sun Life Financial, access to your personal information is restricted to