no longer totally disabled. ▪ the date you fail to provide proof of your continued total disability. ▪ the end of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date your Partial-Load contract ends. For the purposes of your Life coverage, you will be considered totally disabled if you are prevented by illness from performing any occupation you are or may become reasonably qualified for by education, training or experience. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 44 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 45 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage Accidental Death and Dismemberment General description Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD & D) insurance is of the coverage provided. This means that if, due to an accident occurring while (Mandatory only if you covered, you die or suffer a dismemberment as listed in the table under elect Basic Life Table of Losses, you may be eligible for benefits. Any death benefit Insurance) paid under this coverage is in addition to the Basic Life Insurance coverage. Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Your Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Amount of Insurance - $25,000 100% of the insurance is payable in the event of accidental death. For other Dismemberment situations the amount payable is $25,000 pro- rated in proportion to the percentages identified in the Table of Losses Chart. What the Plan will The Plan will pay for this benefit if you: pay ▪ accidentally drown. ▪ disappear in an accident while travelling. This only applies if the means of transportation disappears, sinks, is wrecked, forced to land or stranded and the body is not found within one year. There must be no evidence that you or your spouse are still alive. ▪ are in an accident or exposed to the elements and, as a direct result, you suffer one of the losses listed below within 365 days of that accident or exposure. The amount that the Plan will pay is a percentage of the $25,000. The percentage depends on the loss suffered. The following table shows the percentages used to determine the payment. However, only the largest percentage is paid for injuries to the same limb resulting from the same accident, and the maximum payable due to any one accident is $25,000. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 46 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage TABLE OF LOSSES CHART Loss of life 100% Loss of both hands 100% Loss of both feet 100% Loss of one hand 50% Loss of one foot 50% Loss of thumb and index finger on the same hand 33.33% Loss of use of one arm and one leg 100% Loss of use of one arm 50% Loss of use of one leg 50% Loss of entire sight of one eye 50% Loss of entire sight of both eyes 100% Loss of sight of one eye