thumb and index finger means that they were severed at or above the first joint from the hand. ▪ Loss of sight must be total and permanent. Loss of use of limb must be total, continuous for 12 months, and then must be determined to be permanent and irrecoverable before the benefit is payable. What is not covered The Plan will not pay AD & D benefits for losses that are the result of: ▪ suicide or self-inflicted injury, regardless of whether the person has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions. ▪ taking any poison, drug or medicine, whether voluntarily or otherwise. ▪ inhaling gas, whether voluntarily or otherwise, other than as a result of performance by the employee of the regular duties of his employment. ▪ bodily or mental infirmity or disease of any kind or infection other than infection occurring simultaneously with and in consequence of an accidental cut or wound. ▪ flying in, descending from or being exposed to any hazard related to an aircraft while receiving flying lessons.  performing any duties in connection with the aircraft (except  when such duties are being performed as part of your occupation with the College). being flown for a parachute jump.  a member of the armed forces if the aircraft is under the  control of or chartered by the armed forces. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 52 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Life Insurance Coverage ▪ war, insurrection or the hostile action of the armed forces of any country. ▪ participation in a criminal offence Coverage during total If you become totally disabled while insured before you terminate disability employment, retire, or reach age 65, whichever is earliest, your A.D. & D. coverage will be continued. Dependent Life Insurance Coverage General description Dependent Life Insurance is term insurance which covers your spouse of the coverage and dependent children while you remain an employee of the College (Optional) and they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for the insurance. Amount of Insurance Spouse: $5,000 Each child: $2,000 The benefit is payable to you. Its purpose is to assist you and your family with the additional financial burden should your spouse or dependent children die. Proof of good health Required on all amount of coverage unless requested within 31 days of completing the waiting period or of acquiring a new dependent. Coverage during Total If you become totally disabled before you terminate employment, Disability retire or reach age 65, whichever is the earliest, your Dependent Life Insurance will be continued (provided it was in effect prior to your date of total disability). Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Appointing a Beneficiary Beneficiary You may name the beneficiary of your choice, a person, persons or Appointments your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary designation that you made on mysunlife.ca or you have on file with your Human Resources