change your Extended Health, Vision, Hearing, and Dental changes and Extended Care coverage from single to family or vice-versa under the following Health and Dental special circumstances: Care benefits ▪ if there is a change in your marital status. ▪ if you gain or lose a dependent. To change your coverage, you must notify the Human Resources Department within 31 days of when the change takes place. To determine when a spouse/partner will cease to qualify as a Dependent please see Section 3, Definitions “Spouse/Partner”. To add or increase In the event you wish to add, or change the amount of your Optional Life Insurance Life Insurance, or obtain Life Insurance for a newly acquired coverage Dependent, you may do so without a medical examination or other evidence of insurability provided you are actively at work and you apply for the Life Insurance coverage for you or your Dependent within 31 days of the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent Proof of good health To increase your Life Insurance or obtain Dependent Life Insurance at any time other than referenced above, you will be required to submit proof of good health via a Health Questionnaire Form obtained from the College's Benefits Administrator. If coverage previously In the event you have previously applied for and been declined for declined additional Life Insurance coverage, the 31 days provision referenced above is not applicable. You will be required to continue to submit proof of good health to Sun Life, and depending on your individual situation, may never be eligible for this coverage. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 11 Contract No. 50832 & 50090 - Partial-Load Employees General Information Effective date of ▪ if proof of good health is required, the change cannot take effect coverage until Sun Life approves your application. ▪ if you are not actively working when the change occurs or when Sun Life approves proof of good health, the change cannot take effect before you return to active work. ▪ if a Dependent, other than a newborn child, is hospitalized on the date when the change occurs, the change in the Dependent’s coverage cannot take effect before the Dependent is discharged from hospital. Section 8 - Bridging Group Insurance Benefits What is Bridging? Bridging refers to your entitlement to maintain benefit coverage between your current partial-load contract and re-employment under a subsequent partial-load contract. What happens to my You may continue the benefits at the end of your contract: benefits during the ▪ until your next contract if you have a written contract of future bridging period? partial-load employment, or ▪ if you have been granted a leave of absence by the College as per Articles 21, 22 of the Collective Agreement for a maximum period of 24 consecutive months. Who pays the premium? If you pay 100% of the cost of premiums, benefits will continue. How are the waiting There is no waiting period on benefits that you have bridged or if you periods affected? are rehired within six months as a partial-load employee. A waiting period is