of the following: ▪ the date you completed your Waiting Period, or ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent, or ▪ the date your marital status changes. What happens if I do You will be required to furnish evidence of insurability to Sun Life. not apply within Such insurance coverage will take effect only upon the date your 31 days or I wish to evidence of insurability is approved by Sun Life. It is important to note increase the amount of that it is possible that coverage could be declined. Serious consideration Life Insurance? should be given before declining the life benefits at the time the benefits are first offered to you. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you retire or reach age 65, disability (The contract whichever is earlier, Life coverage for you and your dependents may holder has the sole legal continue without the payment of premiums as long as you are totally and financial liability for disabled. This continued coverage is subject to the terms of the contract the Coverage during total Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 43 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage disability. Sun Life only acts which were in effect on the date you became totally disabled, including as administrator on behalf reductions and terminations. In addition, all continued coverage with Sun of the contract holder) Life terminates on the date the benefit under which the person is covered with Sun Life terminates. Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. After that, we can require ongoing proof that you are still totally disabled. If proof of total disability is approved after an individual insurance policy becomes effective as a result of converting the group Life coverage, the group Life coverage will be reduced by the amount of the individual insurance policy, unless the individual insurance policy is exchanged for a refund of premiums. Total disability must continue for: • an uninterrupted period of 6 months, or • the elimination period for Long-Term Disability if you are entitled to Long-Term Disability payments, whichever is shorter. This coverage will continue without payment of premiums, from the date total disability begins, until the earlier of: ▪ the date you are no longer totally disabled. ▪ the date you fail to provide proof of your continued total disability. ▪ the end of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date your Partial-Load contract ends. For the purposes of your Life coverage, you will be considered totally disabled if you are prevented by illness from performing any occupation you are or may become reasonably qualified for by education, training or experience. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 44 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 45 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Life Insurance Coverage Accidental Death and Dismemberment General description Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD & D) insurance is of