General description of If you are faced with a medical emergency when travelling outside of the coverage the province where you live, Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider can help. (Information regarding Sun Life’s ETA provider can be found on the Sun Life Financial Plan Member Services website at www.mysunlife.ca) Emergency means an acute illness or accidental injury that requires immediate, medically necessary treatment prescribed by a doctor. This benefit, called Medi-Passport, supplements the emergency Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 28 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC portion of your Extended Health Care coverage. It only covers emergency services that you obtain within 60 days of leaving the province where you live. If hospitalization occurs within this time period, in-patient services are covered until you are discharged. The Medi-Passport coverage is subject to any maximum applicable to the emergency portion of the Extended Health Care benefit. The emergency services excluded from coverage, and all other conditions, limitations and exclusions applicable to your Extended Health Care coverage also apply to Medi-Passport. We recommend that you bring your Travel card with you when you travel. It contains telephone numbers and the information needed to confirm your coverage and receive assistance. Getting help At the time of an emergency, you or someone with you must contact Sun Life’s ETA provider. If contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider cannot be made before services are provided, contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider must be made as soon as possible afterwards. If contact is not made and emergency services are provided in circumstances where contact could reasonably have been made, then Sun Life has the right to deny or limit payments for all expenses related to that emergency. Access to a fully staffed coordination centre is available 24 hours a day. Please consult the telephone numbers on the Travel card. Sun Life’s ETA provider may arrange for: On the spot medical Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide referrals to physicians, assistance pharmacists and medical facilities. As soon as Sun Life’s ETA provider is notified that you have a medical emergency, its staff, or a physician designated by Sun Life’s ETA provider, will, when necessary, attempt to establish communications with the attending medical personnel to obtain an understanding of the situation and to monitor your condition. If necessary, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also guarantee or advance payment of the expenses incurred to the provider of the medical service. Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide translation services in any major Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 29 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Expenses Out of your-Province and EHC language that may be needed to communicate with local medical personnel. Sun Life’s ETA provider will transmit an urgent message from you to your home, business or other location. Sun Life’s ETA provider will keep messages to be picked up in its offices for up to 15 days. Transportation home Sun Life’s ETA provider may determine, in consultation with an or to a different attending physician, that it is necessary for you to be