may receive your Long-Term Rehabilitation Disability payments plus income from other sources. However, the Long-Term Disability payments will be reduced by 50% of the income you receive under the rehabilitation program. If during any month your total income is more than 100% of your pre-disability basic earnings, indexed for inflation (less provincial and federal income taxes if your benefit is non-taxable), your Long-Term Disability payments will be reduced by the excess. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 46 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Interrupted periods Interrupted periods of total disability due to the same or related causes of disability during occurring before the elimination period has been completed are treated elimination period as one period of disability and are accumulated to complete the elimination period as long as this benefit is in force and all of the following conditions are met: ▪ the initial period of total disability lasts for at least 30 calendar days without interruption. ▪ afterwards, there is no interruption of more than 30 calendar days. ▪ each period of total disability is completed within 12 months after the start of the elimination period, or as approved by Sun Life in advance in cases where the elimination period is 365 calendar days or more. If, while totally disabled, you perform modified work for your employer during the elimination period, you will continue to be considered totally disabled provided you remain unable due to an illness to perform the essential duties of your own occupation. In such cases, the performance of modified work will not affect the date on which Long-Term Disability benefit payments begin or the basic earnings used to calculate your benefit. If the Long-Term Disability benefit terminates, any balance of the elimination period must subsequently be completed by uninterrupted total disability. Interrupted periods If you have been receiving Long Term Disability payments and of total disability recover, but the same (or related) total disability recurs, you need not after benefit complete another elimination period unless you have been back at payments begin work on a full-time basis for at least 12 months. If you have a chronic disease or illness and suffer a relapse after the end of the period referred to above, Sun Life may, at its sole discretion, accept a subsequent claim as a continuation of the previous one at the same level of benefits and without applying a new elimination period. Any such acceptance will be based on a consideration by Sun Life of the circumstances involved and will only be done if the group contract is in force at the time a request for such consideration is made. The benefits you receive will be based on the same benefit level as on the original date of total disability. How will my Extended Your Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care), Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 47 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability Health Care and Dental Care and Critical Illness Insurance may be continued during the Dental be affected? time you receive Long Term Disability benefits