disability, benefits can be continued. If you are absent on a leave of absence without pay, the maximum period of time you may continue to participate in the benefit plans is 24 consecutive months. Personal status You may change your Extended Health Care, Vision, Hearing, and changes and Extended Dental Care coverage from single to family or vice-versa under the Health and Dental following special circumstances: Care benefits ▪ if there is a change in your marital status. ▪ if you gain or lose a dependent. To change your coverage, you must notify the Human Resources Department within 31 days of when the change takes place. To determine when a spouse/partner will cease to qualify as a Dependent please see Section 3, Definitions “Spouse/Partner”. To add or increase In the event you wish to add, or change the amount of your Optional Life Insurance Life Insurance, or obtain Life Insurance for a newly acquired coverage Dependent, you may do so without a medical examination or other evidence of insurability provided you are actively at work and you apply for the Life Insurance coverage for you or your Dependent within 31 days of the following: ▪ the date your marital status changes ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent Proof of good health To increase your Life Insurance or obtain Dependent Life Insurance at any time other than referenced above, you will be required to submit proof of good health via a Health Questionnaire Form obtained from the College's Benefits Administrator. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 10 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information If coverage previously In the event you have previously applied for and been declined for declined additional Life Insurance coverage, the 31 days provision referenced above is not applicable. You will be required to continue to submit proof of good health to Sun Life, and depending on your individual situation, may never be eligible for this coverage. Effective date of ▪ if proof of good health is required, the change cannot take effect coverage until Sun Life approves your application. ▪ if you are not actively working full-time when the change occurs or when Sun Life approves proof of good health, the change cannot take effect before you return to active full-time work. ▪ if a Dependent, other than a newborn child, is hospitalized on the date when the change occurs, the change in the Dependent’s coverage cannot take effect before the Dependent is discharged from hospital. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 11 Contract No. 50832 and 50090 - Academic Employees General Information Section 8 - Termination of Coverage When coverage Benefit coverage will end on the earliest of the following dates: ends ▪ the date your employment terminates. For Active Employees ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which the premium is paid for your insurance. ▪ the date you die. ▪ for Long Term Disability (LTD), the date you