provided under any retirement or pension plan of the College. ▪ under a motor vehicle insurance plan which provides disability benefits to the extent that the law does not prohibit such a deduction. ▪ under any Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar law, where allowed by law. *If you first become entitled to Québec Pension Plan (QPP) disability benefits: ▪ before age 60, we will deduct the amount provided in your Notice of Entitlement (NOE) for the duration of your claim. ▪ on or after age 60, we will deduct the amount provided in your NOE and an additional amount. The additional amount represents a portion of the retirement amount, payable or available following an approved QPP disability application, and is comparable to the variable portion of QPP disability benefits for persons under age 60. These deducted amounts will not change for the duration of your disability claim. If you are entitled to any of the amounts described above, we will estimate the amount of such benefits or income and deduct the estimated amount from your monthly disability benefit when you: ▪ fail to apply for the benefits or income, or exhaust all levels of appeal. ▪ fail to make a new application, following a declined application or appeal. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 43 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability ▪ refuse to receive or accept some or all of the benefits or income, or choose to cancel them. ▪ fail to provide us with information related to: the status of an application, appeal or reapplication,  the benefit or income amount, even if it has been refused or  cancelled, within 30 days of our request for information. Note: You have an obligation to apply for any of the above for which you may be eligible. If you receive any of the income amounts above as a retroactive payment in a lump sum, you will have to repay Sun Life. The amount will be deducted from your monthly payment. Income from personal disability or life policies will not be deducted from your LTD payments. Members of the Members of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Pension Colleges of Applied Plan should contact the CAAT Pension Plan directly as well as the Arts & Technology College’s Benefits Administrator to discuss the impact on your Pension Plan (CAAT) College Pension. Elimination period The elimination period is the period commencing on the date you become totally disabled and ending on the later of: ▪ the completion of 130 working days of uninterrupted total disability (including statutory and college holidays) in a 12 month period, or ▪ the last day benefits are payable under any Short-Term disability, loss of income or other salary continuation plan. You are not required to use all of your sick leave credits, however, as indicated above, if you do elect to use some or all of your sick leave credits, Long Term Disability payments will not begin while you are receiving payments under your employer’s sick leave plan. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 44 Contract