drug injection. ▪ Adjunctive general services. Denture Procedures Your dental benefits include removable dental prosthesis to resolve (Type C – 100%) dental problems and include: ▪ Complete maxillary and/or mandibular dentures - once every 3 years per arch. ▪ Removable partial dentures - once every 3 years. ▪ Denture adjustments. ▪ Repair of dentures. ▪ Rebase or reline of an existing partial or complete denture. ▪ Customary commercial laboratory fees associated with the above. Construction and insertion of standard dentures. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement standard denture is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous standard denture unless: ▪ it is needed to replace a standard denture which has caused temporomandibular joint disturbances and which cannot be economically modified to correct the condition. ▪ it is needed to replace a transitional denture which was inserted shortly following extraction of teeth and which cannot be economically modified to the final shape required. Major Restorative: Your dental benefits include permanent dental prosthesis to resolve Crowns, Bridges dental problems and include: and Implants ▪ Bridges. (Type E – 100%) ▪ Repairs to bridges. ▪ Inlays Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 36 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care ▪ Onlays ▪ Pins in inlays, onlays and crowns ▪ Post and core ▪ Crowns and repairs to crowns. ▪ Implants Construction and insertion of bridges. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement bridge is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous bridge unless it is needed to replace a bridge which has caused temporomandibular joint disturbances and which cannot be economically modified to correct the condition. Implants Implants, including surgery charges, subject to any limitations that would have applied under this plan to a tooth supported crown or a non implant related prosthesis, respectively, if there had been no implant. Implant coverage only applies to a tooth that was extracted or lost on or after June 1, 2023. Orthodontic Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat misaligned and Procedures crooked teeth subject to a lifetime maximum of $2,500 per person and (Type D – 50%) include: Coverage includes orthodontic examinations, including orthodontic diagnostic services and fixed or removable appliances such as braces. The following orthodontic procedures are covered: ▪ Required consultations between patient and dentist ▪ Diagnostic services - orthodontic cast. ▪ Observation and adjustment. ▪ Repairs. ▪ Alterations. ▪ Re-cementations. ▪ Separation. ▪ Fixed - bilateral/unilateral or removable orthodontic appliances. ▪ Appliances to control oral habits. ▪ Myofunctional therapy. ▪ Retention appliances. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 37 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Dental Care Predetermination To ensure that you and your Dentist are aware of the expenses that will Recommended where be paid by the Plan it is strongly recommended that you send a expenses will exceed predetermination form to Sun Life, before the work is done,