to the administration of the drug and treatment, administered in a hospital, on an in-patient or out-patient basis, or in a government- funded clinic or treatment facility. ▪ drugs and supplies that do not qualify as eligible medical expenses under the Income Tax Act (Canada). Persons age 65 or over ▪ biologic drugs, if there is a biosimilar treating the same indication, you meet the age eligibility requirement for your provincial drug benefit plan and such plan’s biosimilar initiative or program (the program) targets the biologic drug. This exclusion will apply even if the program does not require you to switch to a biosimilar for your treated condition. If there is a medical reason requiring you to take the biologic, then you and your doctor need to complete and submit an exception form for our consideration Persons age 65 or over ▪ non-biological complex drugs, if there is a subsequent entry version treating the same indication, you meet the age eligibility requirement for your provincial drug benefit plan and such plan’s biosimilar initiative or program (the program) targets the non- biological complex drug. This exclusion will apply even if the program does not require you to switch to a subsequent entry version for your treated condition. If there is a medical reason Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 18 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care requiring you to take the non-biological complex drug, then you and your doctor need to complete and submit an exception form for our consideration. Prior authorization The prior authorization (PA) program applies to a limited number of program drugs and, as its name suggests, prior approval is required for coverage under the program. If you submit a claim for a drug included in the PA program and you have not been pre-approved, your claim will be declined. In order for drugs in the PA program to be covered, you need to provide medical information. Please use Sun Life’s PA form to submit this information. Both you and your doctor need to complete parts of the form. You will be eligible for coverage for these drugs if the information you and your doctor provide meets Sun Life’s clinical criteria based on factors such as: Health Canada Product Monograph. ◼ recognized clinical guidelines. ◼ comparative analysis of the drug cost and its clinical ◼ effectiveness. recommendations by health technology assessment organizations ◼ and provinces. your response to preferred drug therapy. ◼ If not, your claim will be declined. Sun Life’s prior authorization forms are available from the following sources: Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca/priorauthorization ◼ Sun Life’s Customer Care centre by calling toll-free ◼ 1-800-361-6212 Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 19 Contract No. 50832 - Partial-Load Employees Extended Health Care Other health The Plan will reimburse certain drugs prescribed by other qualified professionals allowed to health professionals the same way as if the drugs were prescribed by a prescribe drugs doctor or a dentist if the applicable provincial legislation permits them to prescribe those drugs. Medical services The Extended Health Care Plan will cover 85% of the