are not payable Term Disability benefits for any disability which results from: Exclusions ▪ participation in a riot, rebellion or insurrection. ▪ war, declared or undeclared, or active duty in any armed service during a time of war. ▪ intentionally self-inflicted injuries, by firearm or otherwise. ▪ commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by you. Non-Payment of No payments will be made during the period: Long Term Disability ▪ you are not under the regular care of a doctor and receiving Limitations appropriate treatment. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 48 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Long Term Disability ▪ you engage in any employment or occupation for wage or profit (other than in a Rehabilitation Program) except as approved by Sun Life. ▪ you choose not to participate in a rehabilitation program approved by your Attending Physician, the College and Sun Life. you are on a leave of absence except as stated under the ◼ Maternity/Parental leave of absence or except where specifically agreed to by Sun Life. you are absent from Canada longer than 4 months due to any ◼ reason, unless Sun Life agrees in writing in advance to pay benefits during the period. you are serving a prison sentence or are confined in a similar ◼ institution. When LTD payments Your Long Term Disability payments end on the earliest of the end following dates: ▪ the date you no longer meet the definition of Totally Disabled. ▪ the last day of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the last day of the month in which you die. Effective May 1, 2025 (1) 49 Contract No. 50832 - Academic Employees Life Insurance Coverage Section 15 - Life Insurance Coverage General description Your Employee Life Insurance is term insurance that covers you 24 of the coverage hours per day while you remain an employee of the College and continue to meet the eligibility requirements for insurance under the group contract. There are three levels of coverage. They are described below. Basic Life Insurance You are covered in the amount of $25,000. Supplementary Life You may choose additional coverage in units Insurance of $10,000 up to a maximum of $60,000. Employee Pay-All Provided you have chosen the maximum of Life Insurance $60,000 under the Supplementary Life Insurance benefit you may choose to be covered in units of $10,000 up to an additional $300,000 under the Employee Pay-All Life Insurance. If you are covered for the maximum benefits available under the Plan you would be insured for a total of $385,000. Change without No medical examination or other evidence of insurability is required evidence of provided you are actively at work and you apply for the optional life insurability insurance for you or your spouse within 31 days of the following: ▪ the date you completed your Waiting Period, or ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent, or ▪ the date your marital status changes. What happens if I do You will be required to furnish evidence of insurability to Sun Life. not