Date for coverage to be effective. ▪ If you apply for amounts that exceed $50,000 during your eligibility period, you will be required to complete a medical questionnaire. If approved, you will be notified by Sun Life of the date your coverage will be effective. ▪ If you apply for coverage after your 31-day eligibility period, medical information will be required for all amounts of coverage applied for. Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 51 Contract No. 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Critical Illness Insurance Insured Critical The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Critical Illness Illness Conditions insurance plan covers a broad range of conditions – 25 in total – as follows: 1. Cancer 2. Heart Attack (Myocardial Infarction) 3. Stroke 4. Aorta surgery 5. Major organ transplant 6. Major burns 7. Major organ failure requiring transplant 8. Kidney Failure 9. Alzheimer’s disease 10. Loss of speech 11. Parkinson’s disease 12. Coronary artery bypass surgery 13. Blindness 14. Multiple Sclerosis 15. Loss of independent existence 16. Deafness 17. Paralysis 18. Coma 19. Benign brain tumour 20. Occupational HIV Infection 21. Aplastic anemia 22. Bacterial meningitis 23. Heart valve replacement or repair 24. Loss of limbs 25. Motor neuron disease For further description of these disabilities please read the “Critical Illness Insurance” brochure. Limitations and No benefits are payable for claims resulting from: Exclusions ▪ Declared or undeclared war, insurrection or rebellion ▪ Voluntary participation in a riot or act of civil disobedience ▪ Attempted suicide, or intentionally self-inflicted injuries regardless of whether the person has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions ▪ Committing or attempting to commit a criminal offence Effective February 1, 2024 (6) 52 Contract No. 50090 - Partial-Load Employees Critical Illness Insurance ▪ Use of illegal or illicit drugs or substances, misuse of drugs or alcohol ▪ Any symptom or medical problem leading to a diagnosis or surgery if that symptom or medical problem began or occurred before the first premium due date ▪ Any symptom or medical problem, leading to a diagnosis of cancer, which commenced within 90 days following the first premium due date ▪ Death during the required survival period ▪ For any coverage that does not require health information ($50,000 or less), no benefit is payable for any covered condition that occurs within 12 months after the effective date of the insured person's coverage, and that resulted from any injury, sickness or medical condition (whether or not diagnosed) for which, during the 12 months prior to the effective date of insurance, the insured person: o had symptoms o consulted a physician or other health care practitioner, or o was provided any health-related care, advice or treatment, or that a reasonable prudent person, with such injury, sickness or medical condition, would have consulted a physician or any other health care practitioner. Coverage Ends Your Critical Illness Insurance coverage will end on the earliest of: ▪ the day you retire; ▪ the day you reach age 70; ▪ the date you no longer a resident of Canada; ▪ the day the benefit