Definition Accessible Learning Refers to the Accessible Learning Services department, which includes the previously named Services (AL Services) “Disability Services” and “Deaf and Hard of Hearing Services.” Academic Academic accommodations are educational interventions, practices, services, or supports accommodations and designed to create access and reduce or eliminate disability-related functional limitations that accommodation plan impact learning, academic participation, and/or demonstration of knowledge and skills. AL Services refers to an individual’s accommodations as an “accommodation plan.” Accommodations must be reasonable to implement and cannot modify course or program outcomes, or alter program standards. Accessibility The role of the Accessibility Consultant in AL Services is to guide and support the College’s duty Consultant to accommodate students with disabilties requesting accommodation. The Accessibility Consultant works collaboratively with the student, reviewing, assessing, and interpreting their disability-related documentation; discussing with them their previous educational accommodation experiences in order to understand what may be effective in reducing disability-related barriers; and considering the context of the academic program, to determine a meaningful and necessary accommodation plan. The Consultant works collaboratively with the faculty to understand program requirements and to be a partner in educating faculty on responsibilities and options in the accommodatons process. The Accessibility Consultant follows professional practice and adheres to all legislative privacy guidelines in the province of Ontario. Disability As defined by the Ontario Human Rights Code, Section 10(1): a) any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth defect or illness and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, includes diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, a brain injury, any degree of paralysis, amputation, lack of physical co-ordination, blindness or visual impediment, deafness or hearing impediment, muteness or speech impediment, or physical reliance on a guide dog or other animal or on a wheelchair or other remedial appliance or device, b) a condition of mental impairment or a developmental disability, c) a learning disability, or a dysfunction in one or more of the processes involved in understanding or using symbols or spoken language, d) a mental disorder, or e) an injury or disability for which benefits were claimed or received under the insurance plan established under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, 1997 Interim Temporary accommodations provided while a student and their Accessibility Consultant accommodation determine reasonable and necessary permanent accommodations. George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy Word/Term Definition Reasonable Actions to alleviate or remove a permanent or temporary disability-related functional accommodations limitation which do not compromise course objectives or academic standards. Retroactive Accommodations for permanent or temporary disabilities are considered retroactive when the accommodations request is made after-the-fact, as the result of a barrier that prevented a student from communicating their need for accommodation. Self-identification Registering with Accessible Learning Services is voluntary on the part of the student, i.e. a process student needs to self-identify as being in need of an accommodation due to a disability or disabilities in order to register for services and supports. Undue hardship The Ontario Human Right’s Code sets out three elements that may be considered in assessing whether an accommodation would cause undue hardship: cost;