the impact of their functional impairments in the academic setting; George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy  Equal Opportunity – accommodations will ensure that persons with disabilities have the same access as others to obtain, use and benefit from the full educational experience.  Safety - For course work, placements, or evaluations involving performance or demonstration of practical skills where the application of an accommodation may cause safety concerns, those accommodations may not be granted. 4.0 Implementing the Academic Accommodation Plan The effective and efficient implementation of the accommodation plan is a shared responsibility between AL Services, the Student, the Faculty, the Chair, and the Assessment Centre: AL Services is responsible for developing and communicating the plan to all those involved, for providing guidance for implementation upon request, for engaging in collaborative problem-solving when issues arise; The Student is responsible for fulfilling course outcomes, for communicating needs to ALServices and Faculty as appropriate, and depending on the accommodation plan, for booking tests with the Assessment Centre and alerting faculty about test bookings; The Faculty is responsible for implementing classroom accommodations as explained in the accommodation plan, including dropping off and picking up tests from the Assessment Centre, highlighting any potential safety concerns, and seeking support from ALServices if questions arise; Chairs are required to provide support to professors upon request to ensure that accommodations are implemented effectively, appropriately, and in a timely manner; The Assessment Centre provides accommodated testing for the Student, receives and returns accommodated tests for Faculty, and communicates concerns with ALServices. 5.0 Interim Accommodations Situations may arise where a student experiences a sudden onset of a disabling condition. Students without documentation who are experiencing a functional impairment related to a potential disability may meet with an Accessibility Consultant to explore their needs. The Consultant will determine if interim accommodations are warranted based on a review of the student’s situation. Interim accommodations may be available while the student seeks documentation concerning the functional impact of a potential disability. 6.0 Retroactive Accommodations Requests for retroactive accommodations are based on an unexpected disruption in a student’s physical or mental health, will be given meaningful consideration, on a case by case basis. A retroactive request may be made at any time during the semester or year. Requests for retroactive academic accommodations will be made through AL Services, with faculty involvement, and given meaningful consideration. Academic areas will not post information stating that retroactive accommodations are not available. Should a retroactive accommodation request occur, the Student, the Faculty, and the Accessibility Consultant shall work collaboratively to find a solution. All members are expected to act in good faith as they negotiate a reasonable George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy outcome that satisfies the essential learning requirements of the course, preserves academic integrity, and addresses the student’s need for accommodation. The Student is responsible for:  Communicating their needs (to faculty or to AL Services) in a timely way;  Providing documentation that indicates the functional impact of their disability as well as the timing and duration of the impact;  Participate actively in the