providing leadership for an efficient, effective, and respectful academic accommodations process. This process is a shared responsibility involving AL Services, the student and relevant college employees. 1.0 Registering with Accessible Learning Services It is the student’s responsibility to self-identify in order to register with AL Services. Students are encouraged to register before the semester starts or as early in the semester as possible; however, AL Services recognizes that many factors impact a student’s ability or interest to access accommodation services and given this, students may register at any time during the academic year. It is worth noting that some accommodations take time to set up or book, so the timing of some accommodations could be delayed depending on when a student registers. 2.0 Documentation Documentation from a health professional describing disability-related functional impairment is normally required in order to develop an accommodation plan. As such, students registering with AL Services will be asked to provide documentation related to a permanent or temporary disability. Details about required documentation will be shared through departmental and College outreach materials, verbally, in print and on the web. The health professional providing this documentation must be licensed from a regulated body and qualified to do so. No disability-related documentation or identifier will be shared outside the AL Services office without the student’s consent. (See section 8.0: Privacy and Confidentiality). 3.0 Determining the Academic Accommodation Plan Individualized accommodation plans are created by the Accessibility Consultant and informed by the student’s disability documentation, the student’s previous experience of accommodation, common service procedures of the department, and any potential accessibility barriers within the academic program. The Accessibility Consultant considers potential options for addressing the student’s functional impairment, reducing or eliminating barriers, and creates a feasible and appropriate accommodation plan which does not modify course or program outcomes or lower program standards. The following key principles will guide the accommodation process:  Dignity - accommodations will promote respect and dignity for persons with disabilities;  Independence – accommodations will maximize autonomy, the freedom to make one’s own choices;  Integration – accommodations will promote full integration, so that students may benefit from all aspects of the educational experience and in the same or similar way as other students;  Equity- accommodations will level the playing field by promoting fairness for the individual, given the impact of their functional impairments in the academic setting; George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy  Equal Opportunity – accommodations will ensure that persons with disabilities have the same access as others to obtain, use and benefit from the full educational experience.  Safety - For course work, placements, or evaluations involving performance or demonstration of practical skills where the application of an accommodation may cause safety concerns, those accommodations may not be granted. 4.0 Implementing the Academic Accommodation Plan The effective and efficient implementation of the accommodation plan is a shared responsibility between AL Services, the Student, the Faculty, the Chair, and the Assessment Centre: AL Services is responsible for developing and communicating the plan to all those involved, for providing guidance for implementation upon request,