Accessible Learning Policy Word/Term Definition Reasonable Actions to alleviate or remove a permanent or temporary disability-related functional accommodations limitation which do not compromise course objectives or academic standards. Retroactive Accommodations for permanent or temporary disabilities are considered retroactive when the accommodations request is made after-the-fact, as the result of a barrier that prevented a student from communicating their need for accommodation. Self-identification Registering with Accessible Learning Services is voluntary on the part of the student, i.e. a process student needs to self-identify as being in need of an accommodation due to a disability or disabilities in order to register for services and supports. Undue hardship The Ontario Human Right’s Code sets out three elements that may be considered in assessing whether an accommodation would cause undue hardship: cost; outside sources of funding, if any; health and safety requirements. Please see the relevant Ontario Human Rights Code definition: http://www.ohrc.on.ca/en/policy-preventing-discrimination-based-mental-health- disabilities-and-addictions/14-undue-hardship [will be included as an appendix with published policy]. http://www.ohrc.on.ca/en/guidelines-accessible-education/undue-hardship-standard [will be included as an appendix with published policy] Add the student- in this case the student refers to a person with a disability POLICY 1.0 Background 1.1 This policy has been written in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code 1982 (Duty to Accommodate), the Ontarians with Disabilities Act, and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). 2.0 General Principles 2.1 George Brown College is committed to ensuring that students with disabilities seeking support are able to receive reasonable, timely and effective academic accommodations1 and supports necessary for them to participate fully in the academic environment. Accessible Learning Services (AL Services) provides this support for all George Brown College students. 3.0 Accommodation – College Access 3.1 Students with disabilities must meet program eligibility criteria, timelines, and applicant selection criteria relevant to the program. They will be provided access to reasonable accommodation(s) in the admission and 1 The Tribunal has ruled that short of undue hardship, the highest point in the continuum of accommodation must be achieved. However, if there is a choice between two accommodations which are equally responsive to the person’s needs in a dignified manner, then those responsible are entitled to select the one that is less expensive or that is less disruptive to the organization. [OHRC’s Policy and guidelines on disability and the duty to accommodate (2001)]. George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy selection process. Once a student has met a program’s existing admissions criteria no additional proofs relating to capability will be required from a student with a disability during the admissions process. 3.2 Assessment of students with disabilities for admissibility is based on present functional ability and cannot be influenced by expected future deterioration. 3.3 Students with disabilities will be provided assistance and accommodation on an individual basis through self- registration with Accessible Learning Services or by request, when accessing services. 3.4 Once admitted to a program, students with disabilities will be provided reasonable accommodations and services to ensure that they have an opportunity to participate fully in their program of study in order to meet program outcomes. Students with disabilities are responsible for fulfilling the