AL Services, with faculty involvement, and given meaningful consideration. Academic areas will not post information stating that retroactive accommodations are not available. Should a retroactive accommodation request occur, the Student, the Faculty, and the Accessibility Consultant shall work collaboratively to find a solution. All members are expected to act in good faith as they negotiate a reasonable George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy outcome that satisfies the essential learning requirements of the course, preserves academic integrity, and addresses the student’s need for accommodation. The Student is responsible for:  Communicating their needs (to faculty or to AL Services) in a timely way;  Providing documentation that indicates the functional impact of their disability as well as the timing and duration of the impact;  Participate actively in the retroactive accommodation process to find a solution. The Faculty is a subject matter expert responsible for:  Determining if a learning outcome has been met and recognizing that a learning outcome can be met in more than one manner;  Developing and evaluating the method of measure/evaluation/grading used to assess learning (in an alternate manner, if necessary) ; and  Consulting with AL Services and the student in the process. The Accessibiity Consultant is responsible for:  Ensuring that the request for retroactive accommodation is considered and meets the duty to accommodate;  Receiving, reviewing, and interpreting relevant documentation from the Student, while ensuring confidentiality;  Suggesting options for the Student and the Faculty to consider, not advocating for any one specific option, and ensuring that the Student has an equalized opportunity to demonstrate mastery of course outcomes;  Working collaboratively with the Student and the Faculty to determine the most appropriate way to address a retroactive accommodation request.  Considering safety. For course work, placements, or evaluations involving performance or demonstration of practical skills where the application of an accommodation may cause safety concerns, those academic accommodations may not be granted 7.0 Managing Accommodation Concerns AL Services is committed to ensuring that all stakeholders in the accommodation process receive service and support in a timely, respectful, and inclusive manner, and that feedback from all stakeholders is gathered and responded to on a regular basis. The Faculty shall share accommodation concerns with ALServices to seek a resolution. The Chair has a responsibility to ensure that accommodations are implemented by faculty, once received and to raise any issues in a timely manner with the Manager of Accessible Learning Services for collaborative resolution. The Manager of Accessible Learning Services is responsible for addressing issues and resolving complaints and concerns regarding a student’s academic accommodation plan, the implementation of the plan, or the quality of AL George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy Services services delivery. AL Services shall promote student feedback systems and post complaints processes wherever possible. The Assessment Centre Manager is responsible for addressing issues related to test accommodations and for communicating trends or concerns with the Manager of Accessible Learning Services. Students have the right to raise objections or file formal complaints or concerns, about the implementation (or lack thereof) of a specific academic