Accessible Learning Policy selection process. Once a student has met a program’s existing admissions criteria no additional proofs relating to capability will be required from a student with a disability during the admissions process. 3.2 Assessment of students with disabilities for admissibility is based on present functional ability and cannot be influenced by expected future deterioration. 3.3 Students with disabilities will be provided assistance and accommodation on an individual basis through self- registration with Accessible Learning Services or by request, when accessing services. 3.4 Once admitted to a program, students with disabilities will be provided reasonable accommodations and services to ensure that they have an opportunity to participate fully in their program of study in order to meet program outcomes. Students with disabilities are responsible for fulfilling the essential requirements of the program with reasonable accommodations and services. 4.0 Accommodation – Access to Information 4.1 Information regarding the availability of services for students with disabilities will be communicated clearly in college materials including but not limited to Full-Time and Part-Time Program Guides found on the George Brown College website, the college’s “Offer of Admission” package, and all course outlines. 4.2 A student’s registration with Accessible Learning Services will not be identified on the student’s official college transcript and/or graduation documentation. Only those involved in the accommodation plan shall be alerted to a student’s registration with AL Services. George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION Appendix 1: Accommodation Procedures and Roles RELATED POLICIES Academic Appeals Policy AODA Accessibility Policy Employee Code of Conduct – Academic Staff Code of Student Behaviour and Community Standards Policy Office of the Registrar’s Policies Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy RELATED MATERIALS Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (2005) Integrated Accessibility Standards (subset of Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005) Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (1990) Ontario Human Rights Code 1982 (Duty to Accommodate) Ontario Human Rights Code (1990) Personal Health Information Protection Act (2004) Workplace Safety and Insurance Act (1997) George Brown College Accessible Learning Policy APPENDIX ONE: PROCEDURES Accommodation Procedures and Roles Students requiring disability-related accommodation at George Brown College may obtain assistance from AL Services. Assistance includes guidance and support in accessing reasonable and effective academic accommodations to reduce or eliminate barriers and increase access and inclusion. AL Services is committed to providing leadership for an efficient, effective, and respectful academic accommodations process. This process is a shared responsibility involving AL Services, the student and relevant college employees. 1.0 Registering with Accessible Learning Services It is the student’s responsibility to self-identify in order to register with AL Services. Students are encouraged to register before the semester starts or as early in the semester as possible; however, AL Services recognizes that many factors impact a student’s ability or interest to access accommodation services and given this, students may register at any time during the academic year. It is worth noting that some accommodations take time to set up or book, so the timing of some accommodations could be delayed depending on when a student registers. 2.0 Documentation Documentation from a health