Dental Care provision. Co-ordination of If you or your spouse are covered for Dental Care under another plan, benefits your benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following (Coverage under more insurance industry standards. than one plan) The Claims Process Claims can be submitted electronically by your dentist or, if you are submitting your first claim for benefits, a claim form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Ask your Dentist to complete the applicable sections of the claim ◼ form. You complete the applicable sections of the claim form, sign it, ◼ attached all relevant information, and forward it to the Sun Life claims office. The appropriate address is noted on the claim form. Keep a copy of the claim form and your receipts for future ◼ reference. If your Dentist is submitting the claim electronically: Your Dentist is required to complete the applicable sections of ◼ the claim form. You complete the applicable sections of the claim form and sign ◼ it. Your Dentist electronically forwards the claim directly to Sun Life and Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 71 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims the payment is generated immediately. If you have assigned payment to the dentist, payment will be made directly to the Dentist. If payment is to be made to you and you have set up a direct deposit with Sun Life (www.mysunlife.ca) the payment will be deposited to your account within a couple of days. Otherwise, a cheque will be mailed to your home address. Orthodontic Claims Although most orthodontists will quote a single amount for the full course of treatment covering several years, orthodontic expenses will be reimbursed based on a monthly or quarterly basis as treatment is rendered. The Plan will not prepay services that have not been rendered. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and the claim for my claim to be form has been completed satisfactorily, your claim should be processed? processed within 7 days. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre-printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. Each time you file a claim you must follow the same process. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated, you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1-800-361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Making a Claim for Long Term Disability Benefits When and how to You are responsible for notifying your College that you are disabled make a claim and obtaining the following forms from your College’s Benefits