covered, you need to provide medical information. Please use Sun Life’s PA form to submit this information. Both you and your doctor need to complete parts of the form. You will be eligible for coverage for these drugs if the information you and your doctor provide meets Sun Life’s clinical criteria based on factors such as: Health Canada Product Monograph. ◼ recognized clinical guidelines. ◼ comparative analysis of the drug cost and its clinical ◼ effectiveness. recommendations by health technology assessment organizations ◼ Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 18 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care and provinces. your response to preferred drug therapy. ◼ If not, your claim will be declined. Sun Life’s prior authorization forms are available from the following sources: Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca/priorauthorization ◼ Sun Life’s Customer Care centre by calling toll-free ◼ 1-800-361-6212 Other health The Plan will reimburse certain drugs prescribed by other qualified professionals allowed to health professionals the same way as if the drugs were prescribed by a prescribe drugs doctor or a dentist if the applicable provincial legislation permits them to prescribe those drugs. Medical services The Extended Health Care Plan will cover 85% of the costs (other than Reimbursement for insulin pumps) for the medical services listed below when ordered Amount by a doctor (the services of a licensed dentist do not require a doctor’s order). Private Duty Nursing A Pre-determination of eligibility is required for this benefit for you or your dependent. Obtain and submit the “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire" form, to be completed by the attending physician. Expenses for private duty nursing services, outside of a hospital, are eligible if the care is: carried out by a registered graduate nurse (R.N.), certified nursing ◼ assistant (C.N.A.), registered nursing assistant (R.N.A.), or licensed practical nurse (L.P.N.). Service provider must be licensed, certified or registered in the province where you live and who does not normally live with you. medically necessary and prescribed by the licensed attending ◼ physician, and the type of medical care that can only be performed by a qualified ◼ R.N., C.N.A., R.N.A., or L.P.N. services must be for nursing care and not for custodial care. ◼ Ambulance OHIP covers the cost of licensed ambulance services, where medically necessary, for local transportation of the person to and from the nearest hospital qualified to provide the required care. You are responsible to Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 19 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care pay a co-payment which is currently $45 (subject to change) for these services. The Extended Health Care Plan will reimburse you for 85% of the co-payment amount. In the event that an unexpected condition occurs (emergency situation) such as illness, disease or injury which requires immediate assistance, the use of a licensed air ambulance for transportation of the person to the nearest hospital qualified to render the emergency medical services, the expense is covered by OHIP in the Province of Ontario. The Extended Health Care Plan will pay a maximum of what would have been payable for a local land