claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated, you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1-800-361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Making a Claim for Long Term Disability Benefits When and how to You are responsible for notifying your College that you are disabled make a claim and obtaining the following forms from your College’s Benefits Administrator: Your responsibilities (a) Plan member's Statement. (b) Consent for Service Canada and Insurer to Communicate Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 72 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims Disability Benefit Information. (c) Irrevocable consent to Deduct and Pay Insurer. (d) Application for Canada Pension Plan (CPP) Disability benefits. (e) Attending Physician's Statement. Your claim for Long Term Disability must be submitted as soon as possible, usually two months prior to completion of the elimination period. You complete forms a, b and c and forward them to Sun Life. You must sign the Attending Physician's Statement. (form e) and give it to your doctor. You must also contact the Income Security Program office, Human Resources Development Canada, to make an application for Canada Pension Plan disability benefits (form d). You are responsible for payment of any charges for having medical forms completed. These forms include those described above, supplementary medical statements and any other forms that may have to be completed by your doctor. Your doctor’s Once your doctor has completed the Attending Physician’s Statement, responsibility you or your doctor may send it directly to Sun Life or, if you prefer, you may return it to your College’s Benefits Administrator to send to Sun Life. Your employer’s The College must complete the Employer’s Statement and forward it responsibility to Sun Life. Time lines for making A claim must be made no later than 90 days after you complete your a claim elimination period. Ceasing to be actively at work with the College does not, by itself, mean that you are totally disabled. Failure to furnish such proof within the time required may not invalidate nor reduce any claim if Sun Life determines that such proof was furnished as soon as was reasonably possible. Except in the absence of legal capacity, however, such proof must be furnished no later than one year from the time proof is otherwise required. Claim is received by Sun Life will begin processing your claim once all the completed claim Sun Life forms have been received. Your claim cannot be processed until Sun Life has received the Employee’s Statement (including the Consent for Service Canada and Insurer to Communicate Disability Benefit Information), Employer’s Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 73 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission