see Section 9. ◼ Coverage After If you retire, you may continue certain benefits. You must enrol in the Retirement CAAT Retiree benefit plan within 31 days of the date of your retirement. Please request information from your College’s Benefits Administrator or refer to the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca for an explanation of eligibility requirements and the benefits available to retiring employees. Section 9 - Survivor Benefits Survivor Benefits Provided you are participating in the dependent coverage for Extended For Eligible Health Care, (including Vision Care, Hearing Care) and Dental Care Dependent(s) of Active when you die, coverage for your dependents will continue until the Employee earliest of the following dates: the last day of the sixth month following the month in which you ◼ die, unless the survivor elects to continue the coverage. the end of the period for which premiums have been paid by the ◼ survivor. the date the benefit provision under which the dependent is ◼ covered terminates. the date the group contract terminates. ◼ the date the survivor would no longer be considered the ◼ employee’s dependent if the employee were still alive. the date the survivor cancels the coverage. ◼ the date you would have reached age 65. ◼ the date the survivor dies. ◼ Who pays the The College pays the full premium for the first 6 months for the premium? Extended Health (including Vision and Hearing Care) and Dental Care benefits. Thereafter, the eligible survivor may elect to continue the benefits and is required to pay the College quarterly, in advance, the full cost of the plans. If, the eligible survivor is in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 12 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information pension, from the CAAT Pension Plan or the Teachers’ Pension Plan, the survivor may then elect to participate in the CAAT Retirees benefit plan provided such election is made within 31 days from the date you would have reached age 65 and the eligible survivor continues to be eligible for benefits under OHIP or another Canadian medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another province or territory. The eligible survivor will keep the College informed of any changes in address or other information as the College or the insurer may require. The eligible survivor will be requested to provide the following information in order to ensure claims are paid appropriately and delays in processing the payments are avoided. their date of birth. ◼ proof that they are in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor ◼ pension from the CAAT Pension Plan or the Teachers’ Pension Plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 13 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care Section 10 - Extended Health Care (Medicare Supplement) General description The Extended Health Care Plan pays for eligible services or supplies of the coverage that are medically necessary for the treatment of an illness and supplements your provincial hospital and medical insurance plans (OHIP). However, there are additional eligibility requirements that apply to drugs (see Prior authorization program for