of this booklet for instructions. What is not covered The Plan will not pay for: services or supplies payable in whole or in part under any ◼ legislation, except for user fees and extra billing if the legislation allows the user fees and extra billing. services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat a dental ◼ problem, including experimental treatments. any portion of the charge over the usual, customary and ◼ reasonable charge of the least expensive alternate service or material consistent with adequate dental services when such alternate service or material is customarily provided. procedures performed primarily to improve appearance. ◼ the replacement of dental appliances that are lost, misplaced or ◼ stolen. charges for appointments that you do not keep. ◼ charges for completing claim forms. ◼ expenses related to services or supplies of the type normally ◼ intended for home use. Dental expenses resulting from: the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or ◼ participation in a riot or civil commotion. commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by ◼ Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 38 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care the insured person. any cause for which compensation is available under a ◼ Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Payments after If your coverage terminates, you will still be covered for procedures to coverage ends repair natural teeth damaged by an accidental blow if: the accident occurred while the person was still covered, and ◼ the procedure is performed within 6 months after the date of the ◼ accident. Expenses Outside Expenses for emergency dental care outside Canada will qualify as of Province/Canada eligible expenses to the extent that they represent the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed, provided an expense for such dental care would qualify as an eligible expense in the Province of Ontario. For expenses incurred for dental care performed outside Canada on an other than emergency basis, the benefit provided under this contract will be the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed but not exceeding the level of eligible expenses for the Province of Ontario. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 39 Administrative Employees Short Term Disability Section 13 - Short Term Disability Plan (STD) General description The Colleges have full legal, financial and administrative of coverage responsibility for this benefit. Questions or inquiries in regard to this benefit must be directed to your College’s Benefits Administrator. The Short Term Disability Plan (STD) is not an insurance plan. It is a benefit paid directly to you by the College. Participation Effective July 1, 1991, all full-time employees are covered by this Plan. Funding This Plan is funded by the College. Waiting Period New employees will be eligible for benefits under this Plan from their first day of service with the College. The annual benefit allocation describe shall be credited at that time. Benefit Year The benefit year shall be July 1