year of your death. Sun Life will only pay for the usual and reasonable expenses. This does not include ordinary living expenses such as travelling or clothing. This also does not include day care expenses incurred prior to your death. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Home/vehicle If you suffer a loss as a direct result of an accident and are confined in a modification benefit wheelchair, Sun Life will pay up to $10,000 for: one time modifications to your principal residence to make it ◼ wheelchair accessible and habitable by you, and one time modifications to a motor vehicle used by you to make ◼ the vehicle accessible or driveable for you. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 57 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Sun Life must approve the expenses and all expenses must be incurred within one year of the date of the accident. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Seat belt benefit If you suffer a loss while you are a passenger or driver of a private passenger type motor vehicle and your seat belt is properly fastened, Sun Life will pay 10% of the amount of coverage. Sun Life will require verification of actual use of seat belt, either as part of the official report of accident or as certified by the police. You must hold a current and valid driver’s licence if operating the vehicle. What is not covered The Plan will not pay AD & D benefits for losses that are the result of: suicide or self-inflicted injury, regardless of whether the person ◼ has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions. taking any poison, drug or medicine, whether voluntarily or ◼ otherwise. inhaling gas, whether voluntarily or otherwise, other than as a ◼ result of performance by the employee of the regular duties of his employment. bodily or mental infirmity or disease of any kind or infection ◼ other than infection occurring simultaneously with and in consequence of an accidental cut or wound. flying in, descending from or being exposed to any hazard related ◼ to an aircraft while receiving flying lessons.  performing any duties in connection with the aircraft (except  when such duties are being performed as part of your occupation with the College). being flown for a parachute jump.  a member of the armed forces if the aircraft is under the  control of or chartered by the armed forces. war, insurrection or the hostile actions of the armed forces of any ◼ country. Coverage during Total If you become totally disabled while covered before you terminate Disability employment, retire, or reach age 65, whichever is earliest, your Accidental Death and Dismemberment coverage will automatically be continued in force. Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the