coverage restorations. Caries, trauma and pain control. Professional visits. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 35 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care Extraction of teeth Removal of teeth. ◼ Endodontics Root canal therapy and root canal fillings, and treatment of ◼ disease of the pulp tissue. Periodontics Treatment of disease of the gum and other supporting tissue. ◼ Oral surgery Surgery and related anaesthesia, other than implants, transplants ◼ and repositioning of the jaw. Therapeutic intra-muscular or intravenous drug injection. ◼ Adjunctive general services. ◼ Denture Procedure Your dental benefits include removable dental prosthesis to resolve (Type C-100%) dental problems and include: Complete maxillary and/or mandibular dentures - once every 3 ◼ years per arch. Removable partial dentures - once every 3 years. ◼ Denture adjustments. ◼ Repair of dentures. ◼ Rebase or reline of an existing partial or complete denture. ◼ Customary commercial laboratory fees associated with the above. ◼ Major Restorative: Your dental benefits include permanent dental prosthesis to resolve Crowns, Bridges dental problems and include: and Implants Bridges. ◼ (Type E – 50%) Repairs to bridges. ◼ Inlays. ◼ Onlays. ◼ Pins in inlays, onlays and crowns. ◼ Post and core. ◼ Crowns and repairs to crowns. ◼ Implants. ◼ Implants Implants, including surgery charges, subject to any limitation that would have applied under this plan to a tooth supported crown or a non implant related prosthesis, respectively, if there had been no implant. Implant coverage only applies to a tooth that was extracted or lost on our after February 1, 2024. Replacement of Construction and insertion of bridges or standard dentures - once every Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 36 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care dentures and bridges 3 years. Charges for a replacement bridge or replacement standard dentures is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous bridge or standard denture unless: it is needed to replace a bridge or standard denture which has ◼ caused temporomandibular joint disturbances and which cannot be economically modified to correct the condition. it is needed to replace a transitional denture which was inserted ◼ shortly following extraction of teeth and which cannot be economically modified to the final shape required. Orthodontic Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat misaligned and Procedures crooked teeth subject to a lifetime maximum of $2,500 per person and (Type D – 50%) include: Coverage includes orthodontic examinations, including orthodontic diagnostic services and fixed or removable appliances such as braces. The following orthodontic procedures are covered: Diagnostic services – orthodontic cast. ◼ Observation and adjustment. ◼ Repairs. ◼ Alterations. ◼ Re-cementations. ◼ Separation. ◼ Fixed – bilateral/unilateral or removable orthodontic appliances. ◼ Appliances to control oral habits. ◼ Myofunctional therapy. ◼ Retention appliances. ◼ Predetermination To ensure that you and your Dentist are aware of the expenses that will Recommended where be paid by the Plan it is strongly recommended that you send a expenses will exceed predetermination form to Sun Life, before the work is done, for any $300 major treatment or