of eligible expenses for orthodontic procedures. ◼ What are the maximums? Insured Percentage Maximum Types A, B and C $2,500 Eligible Expenses: Types A, B and C Basic Services, 100% combined including dentures (per calendar year) Type E Eligible Expenses: 50% $4,000 Major Restorative - (per calendar year) Crowns & Bridges and Implants Type D Eligible Expenses: 50% $2,500 Orthodontic (Lifetime) What fees are covered? The fees stated in the Ontario Dental Association Fee Guide for general practitioners which was current one year prior to the date the eligible expenses were incurred, regardless of where the treatment is received. Temporary Dental If you receive any temporary dental service, it will be included as part Services of the final dental procedure used to correct the problem, and not as a separate procedure. Preventive Dental Your dental benefits include the following procedures to help prevent Procedures dental problems. They are procedures that a dentist performs regularly (Type A – 100%) to help maintain good dental health. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 34 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care Oral Examinations initial examination every 24 months. ◼ 1 recall examination every 5 months, up to a maximum of 2 ◼ examinations per calendar year. emergency or specific examinations. ◼ preventive recall packages. ◼ X-rays 1 complete series of x-rays or 1 panorex every 24 months. ◼ 1 set of bitewing x-rays every 5 months, up to a maximum of 2 ◼ sets per calendar year. X-rays to diagnose a symptom or examine progress of a particular ◼ course of treatment. Other services Required consultations with another dentist, excluding those for ◼ orthodontic purposes. Required consultations between patient and dentist, excluding ◼ those for orthodontic purposes. Fillings - amalgam, silicate, composite, acrylic or equivalent. ◼ Polishing (cleaning) and topical fluoride treatment, once every 5 ◼ months, up to a maximum of 2 per calendar year. Protective athletic appliance (mouthguards). ◼ Scaling. ◼ Other preventive services. ◼ Diagnostic tests and laboratory examinations, excluding x-rays, ◼ study models or similar records prepared for orthodontic procedures. Provision of space maintainers for missing primary teeth. ◼ Restorative Dental Your dental benefits include the following procedures to treat basic and Surgical dental problems and include: Procedures (Type B – 100%) Required consultations between your Dentist and another Dentist. Retentive pins. Prefabricated, full coverage restorations. Caries, trauma and pain control. Professional visits. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 35 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care Extraction of teeth Removal of teeth. ◼ Endodontics Root canal therapy and root canal fillings, and treatment of ◼ disease of the pulp tissue. Periodontics Treatment of disease of the gum and other supporting tissue. ◼ Oral surgery Surgery and related anaesthesia, other than implants, transplants ◼ and repositioning of the jaw. Therapeutic intra-muscular or intravenous drug injection. ◼ Adjunctive general services. ◼ Denture Procedure Your dental benefits include removable dental prosthesis to resolve (Type C-100%) dental problems and include: Complete maxillary and/or mandibular dentures - once every 3 ◼ years per arch. Removable partial dentures - once every 3 years. ◼ Denture adjustments. ◼ Repair