you with the appropriate claim form. Your responsibility You will have to reimburse Sun Life for any of the following amounts for advances advanced by Sun Life’s ETA provider: ◼ any amounts which are or will be reimbursed to you by your Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 32 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Expenses out of your province and EHC provincial medicare plan. ◼ that portion of any amount which exceeds the maximum amount of your coverage under this plan. ◼ amounts paid for services or supplies not covered by this plan. ◼ amounts which are your responsibility, such as deductibles and the percentage of expenses payable by you. Sun Life will bill you for any outstanding amounts. Payment will be due when the bill is received. You can choose to repay Sun Life over a 6 month period, with interest at an interest rate established by Sun Life from time to time. Interest rates may change over the 6 month period. Limits on There are countries where Sun Life’s ETA provider is not currently Emergency Travel available for various reasons. For the latest information, please call Assistance coverage Sun Life’s ETA provider before your departure. Sun Life’s ETA provider reserves the right to suspend, curtail or limit its services in any area, without prior notice, because of: ◼ a rebellion, riot, military up-rising, war, labour disturbance, strike, nuclear accident or an act of God. ◼ the refusal of authorities in the country to permit Sun Life’s ETA provider to fully provide service to the best of its ability during any such occurrence. Liability of Sun Life Neither Sun Life nor Sun Life’s ETA provider will be liable for the or Sun Life’s ETA negligence or other wrongful acts or omissions of any physician or provider other health care professional providing direct services covered under this group plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 33 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care Section 12 - Dental Care General description of the coverage Amount of Coverage 100% of eligible expenses for preventative dental procedures. ◼ 100% of eligible expenses for restorative and surgical ◼ procedures. 100% of eligible expenses for prosthodontic procedures. ◼ 50% of eligible expenses for inlays, onlays, crowns, repairs of ◼ crowns, repair of bridges, construction and insertion of bridges and implants. 50% of eligible expenses for orthodontic procedures. ◼ What are the maximums? Insured Percentage Maximum Types A, B and C $2,500 Eligible Expenses: Types A, B and C Basic Services, 100% combined including dentures (per calendar year) Type E Eligible Expenses: 50% $4,000 Major Restorative - (per calendar year) Crowns & Bridges and Implants Type D Eligible Expenses: 50% $2,500 Orthodontic (Lifetime) What fees are covered? The fees stated in the Ontario Dental Association Fee Guide for general practitioners which was current one year prior to the date the eligible expenses were incurred, regardless of where the treatment is received. Temporary Dental If you receive any temporary dental service, it will be included as part Services of the final dental procedure used to correct the problem, and not as