modified duties from your College. return to work in your own occupation during the first 36 months ◼ that benefits are payable. obtain training in order to qualify for another occupation if it ◼ becomes apparent that you will not be able to return to your own occupation within the first 36 months that benefits are payable. try to obtain work in another occupation after the first 36 months ◼ that benefits are payable. obtain benefits or income that may be available from other ◼ sources. If you do not, Sun Life may reduce, hold back or discontinue benefits. When LTD payments Your Long Term Disability payments end on the earliest of the end following dates: the date you no longer meet the definition of Totally Disabled. ◼ the last day of the month in which you reach age 65. ◼ the last day of the month in which you retire. ◼ the last day of the month in which you die. ◼ When LTD benefits In accordance with the group contract, Sun Life will not pay Long are not payable Term Disability benefits for any disability which results from: participation in a riot, rebellion or insurrection. ◼ war, declared or undeclared, or active duty in any armed service ◼ during a time of war. intentionally self-inflicted injuries, by firearm or otherwise. ◼ commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by ◼ you. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 51 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability When LTD benefits No payments will be made during the period: cease you are not under the regular care of a doctor and receiving ◼ appropriate treatment. after the date on which you attain the terminal age. ◼ beyond the Maximum Benefit Period. ◼ you engage in any employment or occupation for wage or profit ◼ (other than in a Rehabilitation Program) except as approved by Sun Life. you choose not to participate in a rehabilitation program ◼ approved by your Attending Doctor, the College and Sun Life. you are on a leave of absence except as stated under the ◼ Maternity/Parental leave of absence or except where specifically agreed to by Sun Life. you are absent from Canada longer than 4 months due to any ◼ reason, unless Sun Life agrees in writing in advance to pay benefits during the period. you are serving a prison sentence or are confined in a similar ◼ institution. Recovering This provision applies to every employee who claims Long Term damages from a Disability benefits under this group contract. However, each case will Third Party be decided on an individual basis. What are the Third If you have a cause of action against a Third Party for income lost as a Party Liability result of your disability, the LTD benefit will be payable as specified Provisions? in the group contract. However, prior to the commencement of payments, you will be required to complete a form agreeing to reimburse Sun Life. The amount to be reimbursed will not exceed the amount of benefits paid by Sun Life. If