Québec and have not designated a trustee, current legislation may require Sun Life to pay the death benefit to the court or to a guardian or public trustee. If you reside in Québec, the death benefit will be paid to the parent(s)/legal guardian of the minor on the minor’s behalf. Alternatively, you may wish to designate the estate as beneficiary and provide a trustee with directions in your will. You are encouraged to consult a legal advisor. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 75 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims For Accidental Death & If you suffer a loss other than death, the following must occur within Dismemberment Claims six months of the loss: (Applicable only to A claim form must be completed by the College. ◼ employees) A claim form must be completed by you. ◼ The completed claim forms along with an Attending Physician's ◼ statement clearly indicating the date and details of the accident, the nature of the injury, the date of loss and the degree of loss must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. Death Claim for your In the event of the death of a dependent the following must occur as Dependent(s) soon as possible after the death of a dependent: A claim form must be completed by the College. ◼ A claim form must be completed by you. ◼ The completed claim forms along with a death certificate from ◼ your dependent's attending doctor or funeral home must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. It normally takes 3-4 weeks to process a claim, however this may vary depending on the circumstances of each case. Sun Life will make every effort to keep the College’s Benefits Administrator informed of the status of the claim. Making a Critical Illness Insurance Claim How to make a claim Your Benefits Administrator must be contacted immediately, and will assist you with the process associated with filing a claim. Your Critical Illness In the event you are diagnosed with one or more of the insured Critical Claim Illness conditions, the following must occur as soon as possible after your diagnosis; ◼ a claim form must be completed by you the completed claim form along with supporting medical ◼ evidence must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated If you have any questions about your claim, please contact your Benefits Administrator or Sun Life's customer Service department toll- free at 1-800-669-7921 (or in the Toronto area call 416-408-7390). It normally takes 3-4 weeks to process a claim, however, this may vary Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 76 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims depending on the circumstances of each case. Sun Life makes every effort to keep the Benefits Administrator informed of the status of the claim. You may send the completed claim form directly to Sun Life at the following address: Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada Association & Affinity Business P.O.Box 4097, Station A