day of the month following the attainment of age 65. Moving Out of If you move from one province to another province or territory it is Province important that you register for the provincial medicare plan in your new province as soon as possible (90 days or whatever is indicated by the province you are moving to) so that you do not jeopardize your Group Insurance benefits coverage. You are not eligible for Extended Health Care coverage under this plan if you do not have provincial medicare coverage. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 25 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Expenses Out Of Your Province and EHC Section 11 – Expenses Out of Your Province and Your Extended Health Care Plan Expenses out of The Plan will cover emergency services while you are outside the your province province where you live. The Plan also covers referred services. For both emergency services and referred services, the Plan will cover the cost of: ◼ a semi-private hospital room. ◼ other hospital services provided outside of Canada. ◼ out-patient services in a hospital. ◼ the services of a doctor. Expenses for all other services or supplies eligible under this plan are also covered when they are incurred outside the province where you live, subject to the reimbursement level and all conditions applicable to those expenses. Emergency services The Plan will pay 100% of the cost of covered emergency services. The Plan will only cover emergency services obtained within 60 days of the date you leave the province where you live. If hospitalization occurs within this period, in-patient services are covered until the date you are discharged. Emergency services mean any reasonable medical services or supplies, including advice, treatment, medical procedures or surgery, required as a result of an emergency. When a person has a chronic condition, emergency services do not include treatment provided as part of an established management program that existed prior to the person leaving the province where the person lives. Emergency means an acute illness or accidental injury that requires Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 26 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Expenses Out Of Your Province and EHC immediate, medically necessary treatment prescribed by a doctor. At the time of an emergency, you or someone with you must contact Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider. All invasive and investigative procedures (including any surgery, angiogram, MRI, PET scan, CAT scan), must be pre-authorized by Sun Life’s ETA provider prior to being performed, except in extreme circumstances where surgery is performed on an emergency basis immediately following admission to a hospital. If contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider cannot be made before services are provided, contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider must be made as soon as possible afterwards. If contact is not made and emergency services are provided in circumstances where contact could reasonably have been made, then Sun Life has the right to deny or limit payments for all expenses related to that emergency. An emergency ends when you are medically stable to return to the province where you live. Emergency services