following benefits: Supplementary Life Insurance ◼ Employee Pay-All Life Insurance ◼ Dependent Life Insurance ◼ Critical Illness Insurance ◼ Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Supplementary Life Insurance 50% 50% Employee Pay-All Life Insurance 0% 100% Dependent Life Insurance 0% 100% Critical Illness Insurance 0% 100% Premium Deductions In addition to the cost of the benefits, Ontario Retail Sales Tax, Quebec Retail Sales Tax and Manitoba Retail Sales Tax is applied to the actual premium and must be paid by you and the College if you are a resident of Ontario, Quebec or Manitoba respectively. The College’s Benefits Administrator will provide the premium deduction information to you at the time of enrolment. Premiums are The Canada Revenue Agency has determined that the premiums and considered Taxable associated Retail Sales Tax the College pays on your behalf towards Benefits Basic Life Insurance and Supplementary Life Insurance are to be considered a taxable benefit. This amount will be included as part of your income and reflected on your Income Tax Statement from the College each year. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 6 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Section 5 – When Coverage Begins New Employee The waiting period for a new employee under your group contract is indicated on the following chart: BENEFIT WAITING PERIOD Basic Life Insurance On completion of one month of continuous Accidental Death & full-time employment. Dismemberment Insurance Supplementary Life Insurance Employee Pay-All Life Insurance Dependent Basic Life Insurance Extended Health Care (including Vision and Hearing Care) Dental Care The first of the month coincident with or next following the date of full-time employment. Long Term Disability On completion of three months of continuous full-time employment. Critical Illness Insurance On completion of one month of continuous full-time employment. Coverage starts Your coverage begins the first day following the completion of the waiting periods provided you are 'actively at work full-time' on the date your coverage becomes effective. In the event you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to 'active work full-time'. For Critical Illness coverage, refer to Section 16. Actively at Work You must be actively at work full time on the date you qualify for the Provision insurance but if you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to active work on full time. For the purpose of Long Term Disability, you must also be able to perform all the duties of your regular occupation. If for any reason, you stop being actively at work, you should contact the Benefits Administrator at your College to determine the status of your benefits. In the event benefit improvements for Life Insurance and Long Term Disability are implemented, you must be actively at work full time on the date improvements to the Life and Long Term Disability insurance are effective in order to qualify for such improvements. If you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the date you return to active work on full time. For the purpose of Long Term Disability,