or the date the child is born, whichever is earlier. The leave will end on the date you and your employer have agreed that you will return to active, full-time work or the actual date you return to active, full-time work, whichever is earlier. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 47 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Parental leave is the period of time that you and your employer have agreed on. Sun Life will determine any portions of a maternity or parental leave which are voluntary and any portions which are health-related. The health-related portion of the leave is the period in which a woman can establish, through appropriate medical documentation that she is unable to work for health reasons related to childbirth or recovery from childbirth. Long-Term Disability benefits will only be payable for health-related portions of the leave where necessary in order to comply with requirements such as employment standards, human rights and employment insurance, after you have been disabled for an uninterrupted period of 130 days, provided your coverage has been continued. If your employer has a Supplemental Unemployment Benefit (SUB) plan as defined in the Employment Insurance regulations covering the health-related portion of the maternity or parental leave, Sun Life will not pay any benefits under this plan during any period benefits are payable to you under your employer's SUB plan. Rehabilitation In the event you are unable to return to full-time employment, you are Program encouraged to participate in a gradual return-to-work program that could involve a period of part-time work leading up to a return to full- time. During this period, you may qualify for rehabilitation income under the Long Term Disability Plan provided the program has been approved in writing by Sun Life. Where there is the possibility of rehabilitation in order to return to work, you, your doctor, the College, or Sun Life may initiate the process. Successful Rehabilitation is a team effort and includes participation from the College, your College's OCASA representative, your attending doctor, Sun Life and you. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 48 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Payment during During your rehabilitation program, you may receive your Long-Term Rehabilitation Disability payments plus income from other sources. However, the Long-Term Disability payments will be reduced by 50% of the income you receive under the rehabilitation program. If during any month your total income is more than 100% of your pre-disability basic earnings, indexed for inflation (less provincial and federal income taxes if your benefit is non-taxable), your Long-Term Disability payments will be reduced by the excess Interrupted periods Interrupted periods of total disability due to the same or related causes of disability during occurring before the elimination period has been completed are treated elimination period as one period of disability and are accumulated to complete the elimination period as long as this benefit is in force and all of the following conditions are met: ▪ the initial period of total disability lasts for at least 30 calendar days without interruption. ▪ afterwards, there is no interruption