◼ you begin to receive any other income (i.e., Canada Pension ◼ Disability Benefits, or you return to work, either full time or part time. Your College’s Benefits Administrator is responsible for informing Sun Life if you return to work. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 46 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Proof of disability Once the claim is approved, proof of your continuing disability will be required from time to time depending on the medical evidence previously supplied by your doctor. Sun Life will send the appropriate documents when this information is required. The information requested will be used to determine your eligibility for benefits and should be obtained and returned to Sun Life promptly (usually within 90 days) in order to avoid unnecessary interruptions or delays in your benefit payments. In the event you no longer qualify as totally disabled, Sun Life will notify the College’s Benefits Administrator who is, in turn, responsible for notifying you. Medical examination At the time your application is made for Long Term Disability benefits, medical information must be included. In the event that Sun Life is unable to render a decision on the claim based on the medical information provided, Sun Life may arrange for you to have an Independent Medical Examination (IME), at their expense. Your co-operation in complying with Sun Life’s request for an IME is very important because without the appropriate medical information Sun Life cannot approve the claim and benefits cannot be paid. An IME may also be required as proof of continuing disability. Return to Work When you recover and are able to return to full-time employment, Long Term Disability ceases on the date you return to work. The College has an obligation under the Human Rights Code to provide 'reasonable accommodation' for disabled employees. This may involve modifications to the job or your workplace. If there is potential for rehabilitation, you will be contacted by either your College’s Benefits Administrator or a Sun Life counsellor. However, you can also initiate this activity by contacting the College’s Benefits Administrator, and/or the Sun Life counsellor looking after your case. Maternity / parental Maternity leave agreed to with your employer will begin on the date leave of absence you and your employer have agreed will be the start of your leave or the date the child is born, whichever is earlier. The leave will end on the date you and your employer have agreed that you will return to active, full-time work or the actual date you return to active, full-time work, whichever is earlier. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 47 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Parental leave is the period of time that you and your employer have agreed on. Sun Life will determine any portions of a maternity or parental leave which are voluntary and any portions which are health-related. The health-related portion of the leave is the period in which a woman can establish, through appropriate medical documentation that she is unable to work for health reasons related to childbirth or recovery from