Eligibility Date. If you and your spouse apply within 31 days following your ◼ Eligibility Date, any amount of coverage that does not require medical information ($50,000 or less) will be effective on the date the application form was signed. Your Human Resources Department must be in receipt of your signed application form within the 31 days following your Eligibility Date for coverage to be effective. If you apply for amounts that exceed $50,000 during your ◼ eligibility period, you will be required to complete a medical questionnaire. If approved, you will be notified by Sun Life of the date your coverage will be effective. If you apply for coverage after your 31-day eligibility period, ◼ medical information will be required for all amounts of coverage applied for. Insured Critical The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Critical Illness Illness Conditions insurance plan covers a broad range of conditions – 25 in total – as follows: Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 63 Contract No. 50090 Administrative Employees Critical Illness Insurance 1. Cancer 2. Heart Attack (Myocardial Infarction) 3. Stroke 4. Aorta surgery 5. Major organ transplant 6. Major burns 7. Major organ failure requiring transplant 8. Kidney Failure 9. Alzheimer’s disease 10. Loss of speech 11. Parkinson’s disease 12. Coronary artery bypass surgery 13. Blindness 14. Multiple Sclerosis 15. Loss of independent existence 16. Deafness 17. Paralysis 18. Coma 19. Benign brain tumour 20. Occupational HIV Infection 21. Aplastic anemia 22. Bacterial meningitis 23. Heart valve replacement or repair 24. Loss of limbs 25. Motor neuron disease For further description of these disabilities please ask your College Benefit Administrator for the "Critical Illness Insurance" brochure. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 64 Contract No. 50090 Administrative Employees Critical Illness Insurance Limitations and Exclusions No benefits are payable for claims resulting from: Declared or undeclared war, insurrection or rebellion ◼ Voluntary participation in a riot or act of civil disobedience ◼ Attempted suicide, or intentionally self-inflicted injuries ◼ regardless of whether the person has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions Committing or attempting to commit a criminal offence ◼ Use of illegal or illicit drugs or substances, misuse of drugs or ◼ alcohol Any symptom or medical problem leading to a diagnosis or ◼ surgery if that symptom or medical problem began or occurred before the first premium due date Any symptom or medical problem, leading to a diagnosis of ◼ cancer, which commenced within 90 days following the first premium due date Death during the required survival period ◼ For any coverage that does not require health information ◼ ($50,000 or less), no benefit is payable for any covered condition that occurs within 12 months after the effective date of the insured person's coverage, and that resulted from any injury, sickness or medical condition (whether or not diagnosed) for which, during the 12 months prior to the effective date of insurance, the insured person: had symptoms consulted a physician or other health care practitioner, or was provided any health-related care, advice or treatment, or that a reasonable