or limit payments for all expenses related to that emergency. Access to a fully staffed coordination centre is available 24 hours a day. Please consult the telephone numbers on the Travel card. Sun Life’s ETA provider may arrange for: On the spot medical Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide referrals to physicians, assistance pharmacists and medical facilities. As soon as Sun Life’s ETA provider is notified that you have a medical emergency, its staff, or a physician designated by Sun Life’s ETA provider, will, when necessary, attempt to establish communications with the attending medical personnel to obtain an understanding of the situation and to monitor your condition. If necessary, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also guarantee or advance payment of the expenses incurred to the provider of the medical service. Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide translation services in any major language that may be needed to communicate with local medical Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 29 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Expenses out of your province and EHC personnel. Sun Life’s ETA provider will transmit an urgent message from you to your home, business or other location. Sun Life’s ETA provider will keep messages to be picked up in its offices for up to 15 days. Transportation home Sun Life’s ETA provider may determine, in consultation with an or to a different attending physician, that it is necessary for you to be transported under medical facility medical supervision to a different hospital or treatment facility or to be sent home. In these cases, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange, guarantee, and if necessary, advance the payment for your transportation. Sun Life or Sun Life’s ETA provider, based on available medical evidence, will make the final decision whether you should be moved, when, how and to where you should be moved and what medical equipment, supplies and personnel are needed. Meals and If your return trip is delayed or interrupted due to a medical emergency accommodations or the death of a person you are travelling with who is also covered by expenses this benefit, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for your meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for each person for up to 7 days. Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment, if you have been hospitalized due to a medical emergency while away from the province where you live and have been released, but, in the opinion of Sun Life’s ETA provider, are not yet able to travel. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for up to 5 days. Travel expenses Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange and, if necessary, advance funds home if stranded for transportation to the province where you live: ◼ for you, if due to a medical emergency, you have lost the use of a ticket home because you or a dependent had to be hospitalized as an in-patient, transported to a medical facility or repatriated; or ◼ for a child who is under the age