room, board, travelling or clothing. Sun Life must approve the expenses and all expenses must be incurred within 3 years of the date of the accident. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Sun Life's approval of the training program will be based on the likelihood that it will be successful. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 56 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Child education If you die as a direct result of an accident, Sun Life will pay for a benefit dependent child's tuition fees in a post-secondary school. Sun Life will pay the child 5% of the amount of coverage up to $5,000, each year up to a maximum of 4 years. The child must enrol as a full-time student within one year of your death. Sun Life will only pay for the usual and reasonable tuition expenses. This does not include ordinary living expenses such as room, board, travelling or clothing. This also does not include education expenses incurred prior to your death. Family If you suffer a loss as a direct result of an accident and are hospitalized transportation at least 150 kilometres from home, Sun Life will pay up to $5,000 for benefit the usual and reasonable cost of hotel accommodations close to the hospital while you are hospitalized and for the travel expenses of an immediate family member. An immediate family member means a spouse, parent, child, brother or sister. Sun Life will only pay for the usual and reasonable travel expenses. Sun Life will pay for car travel at a rate of $0.20 per kilometre. Transportation must be by the most direct route to and from the hospital. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Day care benefit If you die as a direct result of an accident, Sun Life will pay 5% of the amount of coverage up to $5,000, each year up to a maximum of 4 years, to cover the usual and reasonable cost of day care for a dependent child. The child must be enrolled in a licensed day care centre within one year of your death. Sun Life will only pay for the usual and reasonable expenses. This does not include ordinary living expenses such as travelling or clothing. This also does not include day care expenses incurred prior to your death. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Home/vehicle If you suffer a loss as a direct result of an accident and are confined in a modification benefit wheelchair, Sun Life will pay up to $10,000 for: one time modifications to your principal residence to make it ◼ wheelchair accessible and habitable by you, and one time modifications to a motor vehicle used by you to make ◼ the vehicle