therefore your coverage terminates, your spouse is still eligible to convert their coverage (up to a maximum of $100,000) if they are under the age of 65. Note: Not eligible to convert coverage after age 65. How to Apply To apply for coverage, contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain an enrolment package. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 66 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims Section 17 - Submission of Claims Making Claims Sun Life is dedicated to processing your claims promptly and efficiently. You should contact your employer to get the proper form to make a claim. There are time limits for making claims. These limits are discussed in the appropriate sections of this employee benefits booklet. If you fail to abide by these time limits, you may not be entitled to some or all benefit payments. All claims must be made in writing on forms approved by Sun Life. For the assessment of a claim, Sun Life may require medical records or reports, proof of payment, itemized bills, or other information Sun Life considers necessary. Proof of claim is at your expense. Legal actions Limitation period for Ontario: Every action or proceeding against an insurer for the recovery of insurance money payable under the contract is absolutely barred unless commenced within the time set out in the Limitations Act, 2002. Limitation period for any other province. Every action or proceeding against an insurer for the recovery of insurance money payable under the contract is absolutely barred unless commenced within the time set out in the Insurance Act or other applicable legislation of the employee's province or territory. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 67 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims Making an Extended Health Care Claim Drug Card Plan The drug card is used for prescription drugs only. The card is accepted at most drug stores across Canada. Other claims, such as physiotherapy or semi-private hospital charges, are not covered under the drug card plan and must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form. The drug card cannot be used outside of Canada. These claims must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form. What happens if I do If you do not use the card for all your drug purchases, your not use the drug card to reimbursement could be affected due to pharmacy mark-ups on the cost purchase my drugs of the drugs. This means that you may have to pay more out-of pocket. Time limits for filing Claims must be received by Sun Life within the earliest of: a claim 548 days (18 months) following the date on which the expense ◼ was incurred, 90 days following the end of your Extended Health Care ◼ coverage, or the termination of the Extended Health Care provision. Before submitting a claim you will need to consider the co-ordination of benefits provisions applicable, if you are covered by more than one group insurance plan, to make sure that you are submitting the claims appropriately.