cause for which benefits were paid under the previous year's entitlement. (c) Where an employee covered by this Plan is not actively at work on the first working day of a new plan year, any balance of the entitlement described in (a) above shall be retained by such employee to be used to continue to cover the current absence due to illness or injury. (d) Where any employee described in (c) above returns to work, the benefit entitlement described in (a) above shall be reinstated upon the completion of 20 consecutive working days. However, if the employee is absent again due to the same or related illness or disability, they may only use the balance of benefits from the previous plan year. (e) Where an employee covered by this Plan is absent due to illness or injury, debits shall be made from the annual entitlement on a day- for-day basis. (f) For purposes of this benefit, 'actively at work' shall include absences for vacation and leaves with pay but shall not include absences under this Plan or LTD. (g) During absences due to illness or injury covered under this Plan, all insured benefits shall continue and premium sharing arrangements shall not change as a result of absences covered by this Plan. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 41 Administrative Employees Short Term Disability Cumulative Sick Leave Credits What happens to the Frozen Credits Under Former Cumulative Sick Leave Plan sick leave credits I have accrued if I leave the A member of the Administrative Group employed by the College on a College? full-time basis before July 1, 1974 whose CSL Credits were frozen as at June 30, 1974 shall be paid in one of the following ways: on the expiry of benefits provided under the STD Plan, if you so ◼ elect, until such time as your frozen credits are exhausted or you return to work. It should be noted that benefits under the LTD Plan cannot begin until the balance of your frozen credits is reduced to zero. a vested employee will, upon termination or upon completion of ◼ the elimination period under the LTD Plan, be entitled to a cash payment or gratuity calculated in accordance with the following formula: credits X 1 X Salary 2 261 The payout is subject to a maximum gratuity of 50% of annual salary. The vesting requirement under this Plan is 10 years’ service at one College. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 42 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Section 14 - Long Term Disability (LTD) General description As a full-time Administrative employee, you have Long Term of the coverage Disability coverage which provides a benefit to you for an amount equal to 66 2/3% of monthly salary, up to a maximum benefit of $25,000 if you become 'totally disabled'. The Plan will pay this benefit to you if you have exhausted the elimination period specified under the Plan and you provide proof of claim acceptable to Sun Life that: you became totally disabled while covered, and ◼ you are under the regular