device to permit the volume adjustment of telephone equipment above normal levels; 3. a bone-conduction telephone receiver; and 4. the batteries that are required for that purpose, and repairs. 5. teletypewriter or similar device, including a telephone ringing indicator, that enables an individual to make and receive telephone calls 6. a device to decode special television signals to permit the script of a program to be visually displayed 7. a visual or vibratory signaling device, including a visual fire alarm indicator, for an individual with a hearing impairment The above expenses will be subject to the $3,000 maximum per person for the current benefit period beginning January 1, 2022. The maximum benefit thereafter is $3,000 every 3 consecutive years. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province Coverage Under If you are covered for Vision or Hearing Care under another plan, your more than one plan benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the ‘Submission of Claims’ section of this booklet for instructions. Your coordination Details of current coverage under the government medicare plans with Government can be found on the website of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Plans Long Term Care at www.health.gov.on.ca. The following provides a brief description of some of the services that are integrated with your Extended Health Care coverage. Assistive Devices Program (ADP): This program is operated by the Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 24 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care Ontario Ministry of Health. It assists Ontario residents covered by the Ontario Health Insurance Plan who have a long term physical disability (ask your doctor for details). The program covers a number of items such as hearing aids, orthotic devices, colostomy supplies, prosthetic devices (such as breast prostheses), insulin infusion pumps, etc. As coverage can change from time to time, please refer to the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care website for details. Home Oxygen Program (HOP): This program covers oxygen and oxygen delivery equipment such as concentrators, liquid systems, masks, tubing, etc. Contact the Operational Support Branch of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care for details. Ontario Drug Benefit Plan (ODB): You and or your spouse are eligible for the prescription drug benefit on the first day of the month following the attainment of age 65. Moving Out of If you move from one province to another province or territory it is Province important that you register for the provincial medicare plan in your new province as soon as possible (90 days or whatever is indicated by the province you are moving to) so that you do not jeopardize your Group Insurance benefits coverage. You are not eligible for Extended Health Care coverage under this plan if you do not have provincial medicare coverage. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 25 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Expenses Out Of Your Province and EHC Section 11 – Expenses Out of Your Province and Your Extended Health Care Plan Expenses out of The Plan will cover emergency