to your last named beneficiary as recorded on your file in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your When your Dependent Life Insurance coverage ends, you may apply Dependent Life to convert your spouse’s Life coverage to an individual Life policy Insurance with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. Where necessary in order to comply with applicable legislation: If your child's Life coverage ends due to the termination of your Life coverage, you may apply to convert the group Life coverage for your child to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 61 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage How long do I have to You have 31 days from the date your Dependent Life Insurance ceases convert my Dependent to convert to an individual policy with Sun Life. life insurance? What happens if my If your dependent dies during this 31 day conversion period, the spouse dies during the conversion amount of Dependent Life Insurance coverage will be paid conversion period? as a death claim to you. Section 16 – Critical Illness Insurance General description Critical Illness insurance provides protection that Long Term of coverage Disability, Life Insurance, and Extended Health Care insurance coverages do not. Following the diagnosis of a critical illness and a prescribed survival period, this insurance pays a one-time, lump sum benefit (see Critical Illness brochure for additional information). Eligibility You are eligible to apply for coverage for yourself and/or your spouse provided you are a full-time Administrative employee of the Colleges of Applies Arts and Technology. To qualify you must: be between the ages of 18 and 69 ◼ reside in Canada ◼ be actively at work ◼ provide proof of good health ◼ Eligibility Date Is the date you have completed the Waiting Period of one continuous month of full-time employment. Coverage Coverage is available to you and your spouse up to a maximum of $200,000 in units of $25,000. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 62 Contract No. 50090 Administrative Employees Critical Illness Insurance Coverage Effective If you and your spouse apply on your Eligibility Date (or prior ◼ Date to), any amount of coverage that does not require medical information $50,000 or less) will be effective on your Eligibility Date. If you and your spouse apply within 31 days following your ◼ Eligibility Date, any amount of coverage that does not require medical information ($50,000 or less) will be effective on the date the application form was signed. Your Human Resources Department must be in receipt of your signed application form within the 31 days following your Eligibility Date for coverage to be effective. If you apply for amounts that exceed $50,000 during your ◼ eligibility period, you will be required to complete a medical questionnaire. If approved, you will be notified by Sun Life of the date your coverage will be effective. If you apply for coverage after your 31-day eligibility period, ◼ medical information will be required for all amounts of coverage applied for.