provide us with information related to: the status of an application, appeal or reapplication,  the benefit or income amount, even if it has been refused or  cancelled, within 30 days of our request for information. Note: You have an obligation to apply for any of the above noted government sponsored disability benefits for which you may be eligible. You have a responsibility to ensure that you are receiving the proper benefit payment and that any offsets have been applied appropriately. Not included in 'Income from Other Sources' are the following: payments from Employment Insurance. ◼ payments from any Personal Life or Personal Disability policies. ◼ Members of the Members of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Pension Colleges of Applied Plan should contact the CAAT Pension Plan directly as well as the Arts & Technology College’s Benefits Administrator to discuss the impact on your Pension Plan (CAAT) College Pension. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 45 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Elimination Period The elimination period is the period commencing on the date you become totally disabled and ending on the later of: ▪ the completion of 130 working days of uninterrupted total disability (including statutory and college holidays) in a 12 month period, or ▪ the last day benefits are payable under any Short-Term disability, loss of income or other salary continuation plan. When coverage Long-Term Disability coverage will end on the earlier of the following ends dates: ▪ the day you reach age 65 less the elimination period. ▪ the day you retire. Coverage may also end on an earlier date, as specified in General Information. How will I receive my The Long Term Disability Plan pays in advance. This means that your benefits? first benefit payment is due the first day after completion of the elimination period indicated on the application form submitted by the College. Subsequent payments are made on the first day of each month that you continue to qualify for benefits under the terms of the group contract. You will be given the option of receiving your benefit payments by either cheque or electronic funds transfer directly into your bank account. To ensure the accuracy of your disability benefit payments, you must advise your College’s Benefits Administrator immediately if: your medical condition changes. ◼ you begin to receive any other income (i.e., Canada Pension ◼ Disability Benefits, or you return to work, either full time or part time. Your College’s Benefits Administrator is responsible for informing Sun Life if you return to work. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 46 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Proof of disability Once the claim is approved, proof of your continuing disability will be required from time to time depending on the medical evidence previously supplied by your doctor. Sun Life will send the appropriate documents when this information is required. The information requested will be used to determine your eligibility for benefits and should be obtained and returned to Sun Life promptly (usually within 90 days) in order to avoid unnecessary interruptions