the same process. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated, you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. I am the survivor of a If you are entitled to and have elected survivor benefits, follow the deceased employee. process stated above. You were assigned a new certificate How do I make a claim (identification) number immediately upon notifying the College of the for benefit? death of your spouse. Use this number and not the certificate number of your deceased souse for any claims incurred after the death of your spouse. Out-of-Province Contact Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider in Claims case of an emergency. Prior to leaving the province print your personalized travel card from Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca. OHIP first your claim for expenses incurred outside the province must be ◼ submitted to OHIP first. original receipts should be included with your claim and you ◼ must keep a copy for your records and/or later submission to Sun Life. Sun Life second the balance of the claim not paid by OHIP should be submitted ◼ to Sun Life, using the normal claim form for your Group. the OHIP reimbursement statement and copies of your receipts ◼ should be attached to the Sun Life claim form. be sure to keep a copy of the information sent to Sun Life for ◼ Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 70 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims your records. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life’s web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life’s e-mail address is: askus@sunlife.com Sun Life’s number in Toronto is: 416-753-4300 Sun Life’s toll-free number is: 1-800-361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Making a Dental Claim Time limits for filing In order to pay benefits, Sun Life must receive a claim no later than the a claim earliest of: the end of the calendar year following the year during which you ◼ incur the expenses. 90 days following the end of your Dental Care coverage or ◼ termination of the Dental Care provision. Co-ordination of If you or your spouse are covered for Dental Care under another plan, benefits your benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following (Coverage under more insurance industry standards. than one plan) The Claims Process Claims can be submitted electronically by your dentist or, if you are submitting your first claim for benefits, a claim form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Ask your Dentist to complete the applicable sections of the claim ◼ form. You complete the applicable sections of the claim form, sign it, ◼ attached all relevant information, and forward it to the Sun Life claims office. The appropriate address is noted on the claim form. Keep a copy of the claim form and your