is ◼ available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. participation in a criminal offence. ◼ Coordination with This plan will integrate with benefits payable or available under the government government-sponsored plan or program (the government program). programs The covered expense under this plan is that portion of the expense that is not payable or available under the government program, regardless of: ◼ whether you have made an application to the government program, ◼ whether coverage under this plan affects your eligibility or entitlement to any benefits under the government program, or ◼ any waiting lists. Vision Care To correct a vision impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of contact lenses, laser eye correction surgery or eyeglasses-lenses and frames including tinting, sunglasses, safety glasses and their replacement, as long as they are prescribed in writing by an ophthalmologist or a licensed optometrist and are obtained from an ophthalmologist, licensed optometrist or qualified optician. Laser eye surgery, if performed by an ophthalmologist may be co- ordinated with available coverage under paramedical services. The Plan will cover 100% of these costs up to a maximum of $400 in any benefit year for persons under 18 years of age, with the benefit year commencing January 1 and a two-year Benefit period for persons 18 years of age and older, with the benefit period commencing January 1 of even numbered years. Maximums will renew annually for persons under 18 years of age and every 2 years for all other persons. The Plan will not pay for glasses of any kind purchased over the counter or examinations by eye care professionals. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 23 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care Hearing Care To correct a hearing impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of hearing aids, and devices to assist hearing including maintenance and repairs, prescribed in writing by an Ear, Nose and Throat (E.N.T.) specialist, Otolaryngologist, Medical Doctor (M.D.) or an Audiologist up to a maximum of $3,000 per person for the three-year benefit period commencing on January 1, 2022. The Plan will also include expenses for aids to hearing if prescribed by a medical doctor. These will include: 1. a device that produces extra-loud audible signals as a bell, horn, or buzzer; 2. a device to permit the volume adjustment of telephone equipment above normal levels; 3. a bone-conduction telephone receiver; and 4. the batteries that are required for that purpose, and repairs. 5. teletypewriter or similar device, including a telephone ringing indicator, that enables an individual to make and receive telephone calls 6. a device to decode special television signals to permit the script of a program to be visually displayed 7. a visual or vibratory signaling device, including a visual fire alarm indicator, for an individual with a hearing impairment The above expenses will be subject to the $3,000 maximum per person for the current benefit period beginning January 1, 2022. The maximum benefit thereafter is $3,000 every 3 consecutive years. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program