Employees Extended Health Care Paramedical services must be deemed by the profession's licensing/regulatory board to be within the scope of that profession. A service deemed to not be within the scope of the profession will not be covered. Note: the paramedical service provider must be licensed to practice in the province in which the services are rendered. Doctor's order not required: Services of licensed acupuncturists, audiologist, dietician, chiropodist*, chiropractor*, massage therapist, naturopath, occupational therapist, optometrist/ophthalmologist, osteopath (this category of paramedical specialists also includes osteopathic practitioners)*, psychologist, psychotherapists, physiotherapist, podiatrist*, social workers , family or marriage therapist and speech therapist. *includes one x-ray examination per specialty each calendar year What is not covered The Plan will not pay for the costs of: ◼ services or supplies payable or available (regardless of any waiting list) under any government-sponsored plan or program, except as described below under Integration with government programs. services or supplies payable in whole or in part under the ◼ provisions of the Medicare Plan in your province of residence. hospital services or supplies to the extent they are covered under ◼ the Hospital Plan which are paid for in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan, whether or not you or your dependent(s) are enrolled under the provincial plan. services or supplies for which the person is eligible for payment ◼ under any group medical, surgical or hospital plan. any services or supplies over the reasonable and customary ◼ charges in the locality where they are provided. any services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat an ◼ illness, including experimental or investigational treatments. Experimental or investigational treatments mean treatments that are not approved by Health Canada or other government regulatory body for the general public. services or supplies that do not qualify as medical expenses under ◼ the Income Tax Act (Canada). The Plan will not pay benefits when the claim is for an illness resulting Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 22 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care from: the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or ◼ participation in a riot or a civil commotion. any work for which you were compensated that was not done for ◼ the College providing this Plan. the Plan will also not pay benefits when compensation is ◼ available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. participation in a criminal offence. ◼ Coordination with This plan will integrate with benefits payable or available under the government government-sponsored plan or program (the government program). programs The covered expense under this plan is that portion of the expense that is not payable or available under the government program, regardless of: ◼ whether you have made an application to the government program, ◼ whether coverage under this plan affects your eligibility or entitlement to any benefits under the government program, or ◼ any waiting lists. Vision Care To correct a vision impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of contact lenses, laser eye correction surgery or eyeglasses-lenses and frames including