for all your drug purchases, your not use the drug card to reimbursement could be affected due to pharmacy mark-ups on the cost purchase my drugs of the drugs. This means that you may have to pay more out-of pocket. Time limits for filing Claims must be received by Sun Life within the earliest of: a claim 548 days (18 months) following the date on which the expense ◼ was incurred, 90 days following the end of your Extended Health Care ◼ coverage, or the termination of the Extended Health Care provision. Before submitting a claim you will need to consider the co-ordination of benefits provisions applicable, if you are covered by more than one group insurance plan, to make sure that you are submitting the claims appropriately. Co-ordination of If you are covered for Extended Health Care under this Plan and you benefits and or your spouse are covered under another plan, your benefits will (Coverage under more be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry than one plan) standards. These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Here are some guidelines: if you are claiming expenses for your spouse who is covered for ◼ those expenses under another plan, you must send the claim to your spouse’s plan first. if you are claiming expenses for your children, and both you and ◼ your spouse have coverage under different plans, you must claim under the plan of the parent with the earlier birthday (month and day) in the calendar year. For example, if your birthday is May 1 and your spouse’s birthday is June 5, you must claim under your plan first. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 68 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims ◼ the maximum amount that you can receive from all plans for eligible expenses is 100% of actual expenses. if your spouse is over age 65 and eligible for coverage under the ◼ Ontario Drug Benefit Program (ODB) there are specific rules to follow. Contact your College’s Benefits Administrator for further details. Ontario Assistive The Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP), run by the Ontario Devices Program Ministry of Health, helps people who have long-term physical disabilities get needed equipment and supplies. To find out more about this program contact the Assistive Devices Branch of the Ministry of Health. The Claims Process If you are submitting your first claim for benefits, the claim form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator or on the Sun Life Financial Plan Member Services website at www.mysunlife.ca. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre-printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. Each time you file a claim, you must follow the same process. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1-800-361-6212 Should you