must be total and permanent. ◼ Loss of use must be total and must have continued for at least one year. Before Sun Life pays a benefit, you must provide proof that the loss is permanent. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 55 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Repatriation benefit If you die as a direct result of an accident 100 kilometres or more from home, Sun Life will pay up to $10,000 for the preparation and transportation of the body for burial or cremation. Sun Life will pay the usual and reasonable expenses for this service. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Sun Life may pay this benefit to any person who paid for the repatriation or has a claim for repatriation expenses against your estate. As long as this payment is made in good faith, Sun Life will be fully discharged to the extent of the payment. Rehabilitation If you suffer a loss, other than a loss of life, Sun Life will pay up to program $10,000 of your rehabilitation expenses. Sun Life will only pay for the usual and reasonable expenses connected with a rehabilitation program. This does not include ordinary living expenses such as room, board, travelling or clothing. Sun Life must approve the rehabilitation program and the expenses must be incurred within 3 years of the accident and while you are covered for this benefit. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Sun Life's approval of the rehabilitation program will be based on the likelihood that it will be successful. The rehabilitation will be made up of training required, because of the loss, to prepare you for a new occupation. Spouse occupational If you die as a direct result of an accident, Sun Life will pay up to training benefit $5,000 to your spouse for occupational training. The training must be for a job that your spouse was not previously qualified for. Sun Life will only pay for the usual and reasonable expenses connected with an occupational training program. This does not include ordinary living expenses such as room, board, travelling or clothing. Sun Life must approve the expenses and all expenses must be incurred within 3 years of the date of the accident. Sun Life will not pay for this service to the extent that it is reimbursed from other sources or covered under another benefit of this Plan. Sun Life's approval of the training program will be based on the likelihood that it will be successful. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 56 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Child education If you die as a direct result of an accident, Sun Life will pay for a benefit dependent child's tuition fees in a post-secondary school. Sun Life will pay the child 5% of the amount of coverage up to $5,000, each year