to any hazard related ◼ to an aircraft while receiving flying lessons.  performing any duties in connection with the aircraft (except  when such duties are being performed as part of your occupation with the College). being flown for a parachute jump.  a member of the armed forces if the aircraft is under the  control of or chartered by the armed forces. war, insurrection or the hostile actions of the armed forces of any ◼ country. Coverage during Total If you become totally disabled while covered before you terminate Disability employment, retire, or reach age 65, whichever is earliest, your Accidental Death and Dismemberment coverage will automatically be continued in force. Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 58 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Dependent Life Insurance Coverage General description Dependent Life Insurance is term insurance which covers your spouse of the coverage and dependent children while you remain an employee of the College (Optional) and they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for the insurance. Amount of Insurance Spouse: $10,000 Each child: $5,000 The benefit is payable to you. Its purpose is to assist you and your family with the additional financial burden should your spouse or dependent children die. Coverage during Total If you become totally disabled before you terminate employment, retire, Disability or reach age 65, whichever is earliest, your Dependent Life Insurance coverage will be continued without payment of premiums. Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Appointing a Beneficiary Beneficiary You may name the beneficiary of your choice, a person, persons or Appointments your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary designation that you made on mysunlife.ca or you have on file with your Human Resources Department. In the absence of a beneficiary appointment, payment will be made to your estate. Appointment of a Except as restricted by law, you may change your beneficiary at any Beneficiary in the time. In the Province of Ontario the beneficiary is revocable by the Province of Ontario insured. This means that you may change your beneficiary appointment at any time without the approval of your beneficiary. Appointment of a The Province of Quebec requires that you indicate whether your Beneficiary in the beneficiary is revocable or irrevocable at the time you make your Province of Quebec benefit election. If you have indicated the beneficiary is irrevocable at the time of enrolment, you may only change the beneficiary appointment with the written permission of the current beneficiary. The enrolment form provided by the College contains this information. Your beneficiary appointment can be a complex matter, and depending on your specific situation, you may wish to seek legal advice before making a nomination and/or changing an appointment. You can sign in Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 59 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage to