Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 15 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care Prescription Drugs Please note that doctors occasionally prescribe drugs which may be and Vaccines readily available over the counter or vaccines that do not require a prescription by law. These drugs and/or vaccines are not covered by the Plan, except as otherwise indicated below under eligible expenses. Ask your pharmacist about the category of the drug you have been prescribed when you get your prescription filled. For further information or to confirm coverage you may contact Sun Life’s call centre at 1-800-361-6212 or 416-753-4300 or by e-mail at askus@sunlife.ca (must have your contract and certificate number available). Reimbursement The Plan will cover 85% of the cost of the following drugs and supplies Amount that are prescribed by a licensed doctor or dentist and are obtained from a licensed pharmacist. Drugs covered under this plan must have a Drug Identification Number (DIN) in order to be eligible. ◼ drugs that legally require a written prescription. ◼ life-sustaining drugs that may not legally require a prescription. ◼ injectable drugs and vitamins. ◼ compounded preparations, provided that the principal active ingredient is an eligible expense and has a DIN. ◼ diabetic supplies. ◼ drugs for the treatment of infertility. ◼ drugs for the treatment of sexual dysfunction. Drug substitution limit Charges in excess of the lowest priced equivalent drug are not covered unless the doctor specifies in writing that no substitution for the prescribed drug may be made. The following items are covered on a reimbursement basis, they are not available with the drug card: ◼ vaccines that legally require a prescription. However, the Plan also covers hepatitis B and influenza vaccines. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 16 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care ◼ intrauterine devices (IUDs) and diaphragms. ◼ colostomy supplies. ◼ varicose vein injections if medically necessary. Payments for any single purchase are limited to quantities that can reasonably be used in a 34 day period, or, in the case of certain maintenance drugs, in a 100 day period as ordered by a doctor. The Plan will not pay for the following, even when prescribed: ◼ infant formulas (milk and milk substitutes), minerals, proteins, vitamins and collagen treatments. ◼ the cost of giving injections, serums and vaccines. ◼ treatments to encourage weight loss, including drugs, proteins and food or dietary supplements. ◼ hair growth stimulants. ◼ products to help a person quit smoking. ◼ over-the-counter drugs, except as otherwise provided under the list of eligible expenses above. ◼ drugs that are used for cosmetic purposes. ◼ natural health products, whether or not they have a Natural Product Number (NPN). ◼ drugs and treatments, and any services and supplies relating to the administration of the drug and treatment, administered in a hospital, on an in-patient or out-patient basis, or in a government- funded clinic or treatment facility. ◼ drugs and supplies that do not qualify as eligible medical expenses under the Income Tax Act (Canada). Persons age 65 or over biologic drugs, if there is a biosimilar