Life. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 20 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care casts, splints, trusses, braces and crutches. ◼ breast prostheses and surgical bras, required as a result of ◼ surgery, up to a maximum of $600 per person in any calendar year. artificial limbs and eyes (excluding myoelectric and ◼ microprocessor appliances), including repairs and replacements when medically necessary. oxygen and its administration. ◼ wigs required as a result of illness or following chemotherapy. ◼ elastic support stockings, including pressure gradient hose, up to ◼ a combined maximum of 4 pairs per person in a calendar year. 50% of the cost of insulin infusion pumps and supplies up to a ◼ maximum of $2,500 per person every 10 years. ◼ Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM) receivers, transmitters or sensors, for persons diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, up to a combined maximum of $4,000 per person per benefit year. You must provide us with a doctor's note confirming the diagnosis. Note: Coverage is co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Further information is provided at the end of this section. Orthopaedic Shoes or Custom-made orthotic inserts for shoes or custom-made orthopaedic Orthotics shoes or modifications to orthopaedic shoes, when prescribed by a doctor, podiatrist or chiropodist, up to a maximum of 2 pairs for persons under 8 years of age, and one pair for persons 8 years of age and over, in a calendar year. Medical cannabis Cannabis for medical treatment, if the information you and your doctor provide on our Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis meets clinical criteria, including symptoms, for conditions approved by us. If you submit a claim for medical cannabis and have not been pre- approved, your claim will be declined. Medical cannabis must be dispensed according to Health Canada's regulations. The maximum amount payable is $4,000 per person per benefit year. To obtain Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis, call Sun Life’s Customer Care Centre toll-free at 1-800-361-6212. Paramedical services The Plan will cover 90% of the costs, up to a combined maximum of $4,750 per person in a calendar year for all eligible expenses listed below; this includes the difference between what OHIP allows for podiatrists and the actual charge: Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 21 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care Paramedical services must be deemed by the profession's licensing/regulatory board to be within the scope of that profession. A service deemed to not be within the scope of the profession will not be covered. Note: the paramedical service provider must be licensed to practice in the province in which the services are rendered. Doctor's order not required: Services of licensed acupuncturists, audiologist, dietician, chiropodist*, chiropractor*, massage therapist, naturopath, occupational therapist, optometrist/ophthalmologist, osteopath (this category of paramedical specialists also includes osteopathic practitioners)*, psychologist, psychotherapists, physiotherapist, podiatrist*, social workers , family or marriage therapist and speech therapist. *includes one x-ray examination per specialty each calendar year What is not covered The Plan will not pay for the costs of: ◼ services or supplies payable or available