from the nearest hospital qualified to provide the required care. You are responsible to Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 19 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care pay a co-payment which is currently $45 (subject to change) for these services. The Extended Health Care Plan will reimburse you for 85% of the co-payment amount. In the event that an unexpected condition occurs (emergency situation) such as illness, disease or injury which requires immediate assistance, the use of a licensed air ambulance for transportation of the person to the nearest hospital qualified to render the emergency medical services, the expense is covered by OHIP in the Province of Ontario. The Extended Health Care Plan will pay a maximum of what would have been payable for a local land ambulance trip. Dental Services as the Dental services for the repair or alleviation of damages to natural teeth result of an accident sustained in an accident occurring while you or your dependent(s) are insured under this provision. The services include braces and splints. These services must be received within 12 months after the accident. You will not be covered for more than the fee stated in the Dental Association Fee Guide for a general practitioner in the province of Ontario. The fee guide must be the current guide at the time that treatment is received. Note: It will be necessary for you to provide to Sun Life a separate detailed account of the cause of the injury along with the Extended Health Care claim form. Medical Supplies and The Plan covers medically necessary equipment rented that meets the Equipment person’s basic medical needs. It is important to note that where the purchase of durable equipment is less expensive than rental, it will be given consideration by Sun Life. When suitable alternate equipment is available, eligible expenses are limited to the cost of the least expensive equipment that meets the person’s basic medical needs. For example, manual wheelchairs are normally considered sufficient to meet basic medical needs, except if the person’s medical condition warrants the use of an electric wheelchair. ◼ wheelchairs or other durable equipment rented, that is for temporary therapeutic use. It is important to note that where the purchase of durable equipment is less expensive than rental, it will be given consideration by Sun Life. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 20 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Extended Health Care casts, splints, trusses, braces and crutches. ◼ breast prostheses and surgical bras, required as a result of ◼ surgery, up to a maximum of $600 per person in any calendar year. artificial limbs and eyes (excluding myoelectric and ◼ microprocessor appliances), including repairs and replacements when medically necessary. oxygen and its administration. ◼ wigs required as a result of illness or following chemotherapy. ◼ elastic support stockings, including pressure gradient hose, up to ◼ a combined maximum of 4 pairs per person in a calendar year. 50% of the cost of insulin infusion pumps and supplies up to a ◼ maximum of $2,500 per person every 10 years. ◼ Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM)