No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Section 7 - Changing Benefit Coverage Changes affecting Changes in employment and personal status may affect your benefit your coverage coverage. It is important for you to contact your Benefits Administrator to discuss your benefit coverage prior to the effective date of an employment status change or within 31 days following a personal status change. Benefit coverage during There is provision in your group contract for you to continue benefit leaves of absence, coverage when you are not actively at work, provided certain criteria illness, etc. are met. If you are absent from work on an employer-approved personal leave of absence with pay, personal leave of absence without pay, maternity/parental leave, professional development leave, illness or disability, benefits can be continued. If you are absent on a leave of absence without pay, the maximum period of time you can continue to participate in the benefit plans is 24 consecutive months. Personal status You may change your Extended Health, Vision, Hearing, and Dental changes and Extended Care coverage from single to family or vice-versa under the following Health and Dental special circumstances: Care benefits if there is a change in your marital status. ◼ if you gain or lose a dependent. ◼ To change your coverage, you must notify the College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of when the change takes place. To determine when a spouse/partner will cease to qualify as a dependent please see Section 3, Definitions “Spouse/Partner”. To add or increase In the event you wish to add or change the amount of your Optional Life Insurance Life Insurance, or obtain Life Insurance for a newly acquired coverage dependent, you may do so without a medical examination or other evidence of insurability provided you are actively at work and you apply for the Life Insurance coverage for you or your dependent within 31 days of the following: the date your marital status changes, and ◼ date you acquire a dependent or an additional dependent. ◼ Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 10 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Proof of good health To increase your Life Insurance or obtain dependent Life Insurance at any time other than referenced above you will be required to submit proof of good health via a Health Questionnaire Form obtained from the College’s Benefits Administrator. If coverage previously In the event you have previously applied for and been declined for declined additional Life Insurance coverage, the 31 days provision referenced above is not applicable. You will be required to continue to submit proof of good health to Sun Life and, depending on your individual situation, may never be eligible for this coverage. Effective date of if proof of good health is required, the change cannot take effect ◼ coverage until Sun Life approves your application. if you are not actively working full time when the change occurs ◼ or when Sun Life approves proof of good health, the change cannot take effect before you return to active full time work. if a dependent, other than