Questionnaire Form obtained from the College’s Benefits Administrator. If coverage previously In the event you have previously applied for and been declined for declined additional Life Insurance coverage, the 31 days provision referenced above is not applicable. You will be required to continue to submit proof of good health to Sun Life and, depending on your individual situation, may never be eligible for this coverage. Effective date of if proof of good health is required, the change cannot take effect ◼ coverage until Sun Life approves your application. if you are not actively working full time when the change occurs ◼ or when Sun Life approves proof of good health, the change cannot take effect before you return to active full time work. if a dependent, other than a newborn child, is hospitalized on the ◼ date when the change occurs, the change in the dependent(s) coverage cannot take effect until after the dependent is discharged from hospital. Section 8 - Termination of Coverage When coverage Benefit coverage will end on the earliest of the following dates: ends the date your employment terminates. ◼ For Active Employees the end of the month you retire. ◼ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ◼ the end of the period for which the premium is paid for your ◼ insurance. the date you die. ◼ for Long Term Disability (LTD), the date you retire, the date you ◼ attain age 64 and 6 months. for Supplemental Life, Employee Pay-All Life and dependent ◼ Life, the end of month in which you retire or attain age 65. for Critical Illness, see Section 16. ◼ When your group Life Insurance coverage ends or reduces, refer to Section 15 for details about converting it to an individual Life Insurance policy. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 11 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information For Dependent(s) of Your dependent(s) coverage will end on the earliest of the following Active Employees dates: the date your coverage ends. ◼ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ◼ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid for your ◼ dependent coverage. the date the dependent no longer meets the definition of an ◼ eligible dependent. the date you die. For Survivor Benefits see Section 9. ◼ Coverage After If you retire, you may continue certain benefits. You must enrol in the Retirement CAAT Retiree benefit plan within 31 days of the date of your retirement. Please request information from your College’s Benefits Administrator or refer to the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca for an explanation of eligibility requirements and the benefits available to retiring employees. Section 9 - Survivor Benefits Survivor Benefits Provided you are participating in the dependent coverage for Extended For Eligible Health Care, (including Vision Care, Hearing Care) and Dental Care Dependent(s) of Active when you die, coverage for your dependents will continue until the Employee earliest of the following dates: the last day of the sixth month following the month in which you ◼ die,