of the previous one at the same level of benefits and without applying a new elimination period. Any such acceptance will be based on a consideration by Sun Life of the circumstances involved and will only be done if the group contract is in force at the time a request for such consideration is made. The benefits you will receive will be based on the same benefit level as on the original date of total disability. How will my Group Your Life Insurance, Extended Health Care (including Vision and Insurance benefits be Hearing Care), Dental Care and Critical Illness Insurance remain in affected? force during the time you receive Long Term Disability benefits provided that you were subscribing to such benefits on the date your Long Term Disability payments commenced. Who pays the The College pays the full premium for Extended Health Care premiums (including Vision and Hearing Care) and Dental Care on your behalf for a period of 2 years from the date of commencement of your Long Term Disability benefits, provided you were enrolled in the benefits on the date your Long Term Disability payments began. If you wish to maintain these benefits beyond the 2 year period, you will be required to pay one hundred percent (100%) of the premium cost to the College. With respect to Critical Illness Insurance, if you wish to maintain this benefit, you will be required to pay one hundred percent (100%) of the premium cost to the College from the date of commencement of your Long Term Disability benefits, provided you were enrolled in this benefit on the date your Long Term Disability payments began Your Life Insurance will be continued as long as you are in receipt of Long Term Disability benefits without the payment of premiums.” Waiver of LTD No contributions for Long Term Disability will be required during any Premiums period you are receiving monthly benefits. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 50 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Your During your total disability, you are expected to make reasonable responsibilities efforts to: keep the College and Sun Life informed about the status of your ◼ disability on a regular basis. recover from your disability, including participating in any ◼ reasonable treatment or rehabilitation program and accepting any reasonable offer of modified duties from your College. return to work in your own occupation during the first 36 months ◼ that benefits are payable. obtain training in order to qualify for another occupation if it ◼ becomes apparent that you will not be able to return to your own occupation within the first 36 months that benefits are payable. try to obtain work in another occupation after the first 36 months ◼ that benefits are payable. obtain benefits or income that may be available from other ◼ sources. If you do not, Sun Life may reduce, hold back or discontinue benefits. When LTD payments Your Long Term Disability payments end on the earliest of the end following dates: the date you no longer meet the definition of Totally Disabled. ◼