to pay benefits during the period. you are serving a prison sentence or are confined in a similar ◼ institution. Recovering This provision applies to every employee who claims Long Term damages from a Disability benefits under this group contract. However, each case will Third Party be decided on an individual basis. What are the Third If you have a cause of action against a Third Party for income lost as a Party Liability result of your disability, the LTD benefit will be payable as specified Provisions? in the group contract. However, prior to the commencement of payments, you will be required to complete a form agreeing to reimburse Sun Life. The amount to be reimbursed will not exceed the amount of benefits paid by Sun Life. If you recover money, you must pay Sun Life 75% of your net recovery or the total disability income benefits paid or payable to you under this Plan, whichever is less. Your net recovery is reduced by your legal costs. 75% of your net recovery must be held in trust for Sun Life. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 52 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Section 15 - Life Insurance Coverage General description Your Employee Life Insurance is term insurance which covers you of coverage 24 hours per day while you remain an employee of the College and continue to meet the eligibility requirements for insurance under the group contract. There are three levels of coverage. They are described below. Mandatory Basic Life You are covered in the amount of 2/3 times your Insurance (Level I) annual salary, the result adjusted to the next Insurance higher $1,000 (if not already a multiple of $1,000) to a maximum of $500,000. Optional Life Supplementary Life You may choose additional coverage in units of Insurance (Level II) Insurance 1, 2, or 3 times your annual salary, the result adjusted to the next higher $1,000 (if not already a multiple of $1,000) to a maximum of $1,000,000. Optional Life Employee Pay-All Provided you have chosen the maximum of 3 Insurance (Level III) Life Insurance times your annual salary under the Supplementary Life Insurance, you may choose to be covered in units of $10,000 up to an additional $100,000 under the Employee Pay- All Life Insurance. There are no exclusions applicable to the Basic, Supplementary or Employee Pay-All Life insurance. Coverage during Total If you become totally disabled while covered before you terminate Disability employment, retire, or reach age 65, whichever is earliest, your Basic Life Insurance coverage will automatically be continued in force. You may name the beneficiary of your choice or your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary you left on file with the College’s Benefits Administrator. In the absence of a beneficiary nomination, payment will be made to your estate. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 53 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Except as restricted by law, you may change your beneficiary at any time. There are different requirements