Branch of the Ministry of Health. The Claims Process If you are submitting your first claim for benefits, the claim form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator or on the Sun Life Financial Plan Member Services website at www.mysunlife.ca. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre-printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. Each time you file a claim, you must follow the same process. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1-800-361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Private Duty Nursing Private Duty Nursing Services must be ordered by a doctor for the Claims treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include a letter from your doctor. This letter should describe the nature of your disability or your dependent's disability, a diagnosis, how these nursing services will improve/stabilize the claimant’s condition and the length of time the services will be required. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 69 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims Medical Supplies and Medical supplies and equipment must be ordered by a doctor for the Equipment treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include a letter from your doctor. This letter should describe the nature of your disability or your Dependent's disability, a diagnosis, how the particular supplies or equipment will improve/stabilize your or the claimant’s condition and the length of time the supplies or equipment will be required. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and completed for my claim to be the form satisfactorily, your claim should be processed within 7 days. processed? Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre- printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. Each time you file a claim you must follow the same process. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your Benefits Administrator at the College. Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated, you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. I am the survivor of a If you are entitled to and have elected survivor benefits, follow the deceased employee. process stated above. You were assigned a new certificate How do I make a claim (identification) number immediately upon notifying the College of the for benefit? death of your spouse. Use this number and not the certificate number of your deceased souse for any claims incurred after the death of your spouse. Out-of-Province Contact