note that this booklet is only a summary of your group contract. It is not a legal document. If there are any discrepancies between the group contract and the information in this booklet, the group contract will take priority and the Insurance Company will follow the group contract when making a decision to pay a claim. Benefits described in the booklet are applicable only if you and your dependent(s) are insured according to the records maintained for the group contract. If you have any questions about the information in this booklet, or if you need additional information about your group benefits, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator or OCASA Representative. About the Group The Group Insurance Benefit Program and the cost sharing Insurance Benefits arrangements provided to the CAAT Administrative Employee Group Program are set out in this booklet. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 1 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Section 2 - Roles and Responsibilities College Employer The College Employer Council (CEC) is the Contract Holder on Council behalf of the Colleges, and is responsible to ensure that the terms of (Contract Holder) the group contract are adhered to by the insurance company and the Colleges. Colleges The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology have the responsibility (Administrators) to maintain all records regarding an employee’s coverage, ensure the rules contained in the group contracts are adhered to and communicate the provisions of the group contract to employees. Each College has a designated individual(s) in the Human Resources Division and/or Payroll Services who is responsible for the Group Insurance Benefit Program. Sun Life The Insurance Company is responsible to adjudicate and pay claims in (Insurance Company) accordance with the provisions in the group contract between Sun Life and the College Employer Council on behalf of the Colleges. Employee You are responsible to: know what your benefits are. ◼ follow the claims submission processes, providing all the ◼ information requested. be an educated consumer. ◼ keep the Human Resources Department at your College informed ◼ about changes that may affect the status of your benefits. OCASA/College OCASA represents its members in the Administrative Group on Employer Council matters relating to Group Insurance Benefits. This includes educating Insured Benefits their members about benefits, reviewing annual statements relating to Subcommittee experience, recommending changes to premiums and/or claims and (the employee’s recommending changes to the benefit plans to the College Employer representative) Council. Section 3 - Definitions Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Actively At Work You are considered to be 'actively at work' if you are performing all the usual and customary duties of the job with the College for the Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 2 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information scheduled number of hours. This includes non-working days and paid vacation if you were 'actively at work' on the last scheduled working day. Appropriate Appropriate treatment is defined as any treatment that is performed and Treatment