and Procedures crooked teeth subject to a lifetime maximum of $2,500 per person and (Type D – 50%) include: Coverage includes orthodontic examinations, including orthodontic diagnostic services and fixed or removable appliances such as braces. The following orthodontic procedures are covered: Diagnostic services – orthodontic cast. ◼ Observation and adjustment. ◼ Repairs. ◼ Alterations. ◼ Re-cementations. ◼ Separation. ◼ Fixed – bilateral/unilateral or removable orthodontic appliances. ◼ Appliances to control oral habits. ◼ Myofunctional therapy. ◼ Retention appliances. ◼ Predetermination To ensure that you and your Dentist are aware of the expenses that will Recommended where be paid by the Plan it is strongly recommended that you send a expenses will exceed predetermination form to Sun Life, before the work is done, for any $300 major treatment or any procedure. How do I file a This can be done by your Dentist directly via electronic submission or predetermination? if necessary: you can obtain a claim form from your Human Resources ◼ Department. ask your Dentist to complete the appropriate sections of the ◼ form. you complete your sections of the form, sign it and forward it to ◼ Sun Life. Sun Life will advise you, taking into account possible alternate Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 37 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Dental Care procedures or course of treatment based on accepted dental practice, how much of the planned treatment is covered by the Plan and how much of the cost you will be responsible for before the work is done. Laboratory Fees Certain procedures will usually involve the cost of a commercial ◼ laboratory and when appropriate, a reasonable and customary laboratory fee will be reimbursed subject to the same overall maximums. Please note that while the predetermination cannot take laboratory fees into account, they will be reimbursed with the payment of claim. The only circumstance in which benefits will be considered for an ineligible procedure is when your Dentist advises, in writing, that it is both less expensive and better for you than the eligible procedure. Coverage under If you are covered for Dental Care under another plan, your benefits more than one plan will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Please refer to the 'Submission of Claims' section of this booklet for instructions. What is not covered The Plan will not pay for: services or supplies payable in whole or in part under any ◼ legislation, except for user fees and extra billing if the legislation allows the user fees and extra billing. services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat a dental ◼ problem, including experimental treatments. any portion of the charge over the usual, customary and ◼ reasonable charge of the least expensive alternate service or material consistent with adequate dental services when such alternate service or material is customarily provided. procedures performed primarily to improve appearance. ◼ the replacement of dental appliances that are lost, misplaced or ◼ stolen. charges for appointments that you do not keep. ◼ charges for completing