appointment at any time without the approval of your beneficiary. Appointment of a The Province of Quebec requires that you indicate whether your Beneficiary in the beneficiary is revocable or irrevocable at the time you make your Province of Quebec benefit election. If you have indicated the beneficiary is irrevocable at the time of enrolment, you may only change the beneficiary appointment with the written permission of the current beneficiary. The enrolment form provided by the College contains this information. Your beneficiary appointment can be a complex matter, and depending on your specific situation, you may wish to seek legal advice before making a nomination and/or changing an appointment. You can sign in Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 59 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage to review and update your beneficiary designation on mysunlife.ca or obtain the necessary form from your Human Resources Department. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 60 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Life Insurance Conversion Converting your Life When your Life Insurance coverage ends or reduces for any reason Insurance other than solely as a result of your request, you may apply to convert the group Life coverage, and Accidental Death and Dismemberment coverage to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. It is your responsibility to initiate an application to convert your Life Insurance with Sun Life. The College will issue a conversion form to you. This form will confirm details of your employment such as your start date with the College, the amount of insurance coverage in effect at the time of your separation from the College, the termination date of your insurance as well as providing a list of Sun Life numbers where you can call to get more information about your options on an individual policy. You have 31 days from the date your insurance is reduced or ceases to convert your Life Insurance to an individual Life policy with Sun Life. How much can I You may convert your total Life Insurance coverage to a maximum of convert $200,000. If you die during the If you die during this 31 day conversion period, the amount of Life Conversion Period Insurance coverage in effect at the time your coverage is reduced or ceases will be paid to your last named beneficiary as recorded on your file in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your When your Dependent Life Insurance coverage ends, you may apply Dependent Life to convert your spouse’s Life coverage to an individual Life policy Insurance with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. Where necessary in order to comply with applicable legislation: If your child's Life coverage ends due to the termination of your Life coverage, you may apply to convert the group Life coverage for your child to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 61 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage How long do I have to You have 31 days from