spouse/partner; or ▪ Without a “Separation Agreement”, having lived separate and apart from your spouse for not less than 12 months. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 3 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information You can cover only one spouse at any time Dependent Child(ren) Your children and your spouse’s children (other than foster children) are eligible dependents if they are not married or in any other formal union recognized by law, and are under age 21. A child who is a full-time student attending an educational institution recognized under the Income Tax Act (Canada) is also considered an eligible dependent until the age of 25 as long as the child is entirely dependent on you for financial support. If a child becomes disabled before the limiting age, we will continue coverage as long as: ▪ The child is incapable of financial self-support because of a physical or mental disability, and ▪ The child depends on you for financial support, and is not married nor in any other formal union recognized by law. In these cases, you must notify your College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of the date the child attains the limiting age. In addition, a Disabled Child Coverage form must be completed and sent to Sun Life within 6 months of the date the child attains the limiting age. Your employer can give you more information about this. Doctor A doctor is a physician or surgeon who is licensed to practice medicine where that practice is located. Eligibility Conditions that must be satisfied in order to participate in the Plan, and Requirements obtain a benefit. Employee An employee must be a permanent full-time employee and actively working for the College at least 35 hours a week. Permanent full-time is defined as continuous employment with the College, subject to termination, resignation or retirement. Hospital Hospital is defined as a legally operated institution which is primarily engaged in providing, for compensation from its patients, medical, diagnostic and surgical facilities for the care and treatment of sick and injured persons on an in-patient basis, and provides such facilities under the supervision of a staff of doctors with a 24 hour a day nursing service by registered nurses. Notwithstanding the above, hospital shall mean a legally operated institution in which a person establishes, to the satisfaction of Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 4 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Sun Life, that such confinement was for active treatment that would normally be found in a general hospital. In no event will that part of an institution which operates as a home for the aged, rest home, nursing home, chronic care facility or a place for the care and treatment of drug addicts or alcoholics be considered a hospital for the purpose of this contract. Palliative Care Services for palliative care provided in a hospital, as defined under Regulation 964 under the Public Hospitals Act, R.S.O. 1990, c.P-40 are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Services for palliative care provided at Casey House or any other hospice which