applicable to the Basic, Supplementary or Employee Pay-All Life insurance. Coverage during Total If you become totally disabled while covered before you terminate Disability employment, retire, or reach age 65, whichever is earliest, your Basic Life Insurance coverage will automatically be continued in force. You may name the beneficiary of your choice or your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary you left on file with the College’s Benefits Administrator. In the absence of a beneficiary nomination, payment will be made to your estate. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 53 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage Except as restricted by law, you may change your beneficiary at any time. There are different requirements in the Provinces of Ontario and Quebec related to this matter. Accidental Death and Dismemberment General description Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance (AD & D) is of the coverage provided. This means that if, due to an accident occurring while (Mandatory) covered, you die or suffer a dismemberment as listed in the table under Table of Losses, you may be eligible for benefits. Any death benefit paid under this coverage is in addition to the Basic Life Insurance coverage. Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Your Accidental Amount of Insurance - You are covered in the amount of 2/3 times Death and your annual salary, the result adjusted to the next higher $1,000 (if not Dismemberment already a multiple of $1,000) to a maximum of $500,000. Insurance 100% of the insurance is payable in the event of accidental death. For other dismemberment situations, the amount payable is pro-rated in proportion to the percentages identified in the Table of Losses Chart. What the Plan will The Plan will pay for this benefit if you: pay accidentally drown. ◼ disappear in an accident while travelling. This only applies if the ◼ means of transportation disappears, sinks, is wrecked, forced to land or stranded and the body is not found within one year. There must be no evidence that you are still alive. are in an accident or exposed to the elements and, as a direct ◼ result, you suffer one of the losses listed below within one year of that accident or exposure. The amount that the Plan will pay is a percentage of your Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance coverage. The percentage depends on the loss suffered. The following table shows the percentages used to determine the payment. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 54 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Life Insurance Coverage TABLE OF LOSSES Loss of life 100% Loss of both arms or both legs 100% Loss of both hands or both feet 100% Loss of one hand and one foot 100% Loss of one hand or one foot, and entire sight of one eye 100% Loss of one arm or one leg 50% Loss of one hand or one foot 50% Loss of four