to the gross amounts before any deductions. Monthly salary Monthly salary is your salary on the date of commencement of your elimination period. Income Tax The amount payable by Sun Life is subject to income tax. Income from other The following is 'Income From Other Sources' and will be subtracted sources from your LTD benefits: any continuation of salary from any employer in respect of ◼ employment prior to the date of commencement of the elimination period. any indemnity provided under any group insurance or group pre- ◼ payment plan. any amount of income provided under any retirement or pension ◼ plan of the employer. any indemnity from any government operated or sponsored plan ◼ such as the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Canada Pension Plan, Quebec Pension Plan* or similar laws excluding automatic cost-of-living increases that occur after benefits begin. any amount of income provided for you by reason of your ◼ disability under the legislation of any government or emanation thereof. under a motor vehicle insurance plan which provides disability ◼ benefits to the extent that the law does not prohibit such a deduction. *If you first become entitled to Québec Pension Plan (QPP) disability benefits: ▪ before age 60, we will deduct the amount provided in your Notice of Entitlement (NOE) for the duration of your claim. ▪ on or after age 60, we will deduct the amount provided in your NOE and an additional amount. The additional amount represents a portion of the retirement amount, payable or available following an approved QPP disability application, and is comparable to the variable portion of QPP disability benefits for persons under age 60. These deducted amounts will not change for the duration of your disability claim. If you are entitled to any of the amounts described above, we will Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 44 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability estimate the amount of such benefits or income and deduct the estimated amount from your monthly disability benefit when you: ▪ fail to apply for the benefits or income, or exhaust all levels of appeal. ▪ fail to make a new application, following a declined application or appeal. ▪ refuse to receive or accept some or all of the benefits or income, or choose to cancel them. ▪ fail to provide us with information related to: the status of an application, appeal or reapplication,  the benefit or income amount, even if it has been refused or  cancelled, within 30 days of our request for information. Note: You have an obligation to apply for any of the above noted government sponsored disability benefits for which you may be eligible. You have a responsibility to ensure that you are receiving the proper benefit payment and that any offsets have been applied appropriately. Not included in 'Income from Other Sources' are the following: payments from Employment Insurance. ◼ payments from any Personal Life or Personal Disability policies. ◼ Members of the Members of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Pension Colleges of Applied Plan should contact the CAAT