maximum gratuity of 50% of annual salary. The vesting requirement under this Plan is 10 years’ service at one College. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 42 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability Section 14 - Long Term Disability (LTD) General description As a full-time Administrative employee, you have Long Term of the coverage Disability coverage which provides a benefit to you for an amount equal to 66 2/3% of monthly salary, up to a maximum benefit of $25,000 if you become 'totally disabled'. The Plan will pay this benefit to you if you have exhausted the elimination period specified under the Plan and you provide proof of claim acceptable to Sun Life that: you became totally disabled while covered, and ◼ you are under the regular care of a doctor for the disability. ◼ The benefit will continue to be paid as long as you continue to meet the relevant definition of total disability as defined in the group contract. What is meant by For the purposes of your Long Term Disability coverage: Totally Disabled? ▪ during the elimination period and the following 36 months (this period is known as the own occupation period), we consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform the essential duties of your own occupation, in any workplace, including in a different department or location with your employer or with another employer, and ▪ afterwards, we will consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform any occupation, for any employer, for which you are or may become reasonably qualified by education, training, or experience. The availability of work with any employer does not affect the determination of total disability You are encouraged to participate in Rehabilitation activities under an approved Rehabilitation program without jeopardizing your Long Term Disability benefits. LTD Benefits and Because the College pays 66 2/3% of the premium for this coverage, Taxation the benefits are taxable to you on receipt. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 43 Contract No. 50833 Administrative Employees Long Term Disability How will my You will receive 66 2/3 % of your monthly salary reduced by income benefits be from all other sources. All references to income in this disability determined? provision are to the gross amounts before any deductions. Monthly salary Monthly salary is your salary on the date of commencement of your elimination period. Income Tax The amount payable by Sun Life is subject to income tax. Income from other The following is 'Income From Other Sources' and will be subtracted sources from your LTD benefits: any continuation of salary from any employer in respect of ◼ employment prior to the date of commencement of the elimination period. any indemnity provided under any group insurance or group pre- ◼ payment plan. any amount of income provided under any retirement or pension ◼ plan of the employer. any indemnity from any government operated or sponsored plan ◼ such as the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Canada Pension Plan, Quebec Pension