not, by itself, mean that you are totally disabled. Failure to furnish such proof within the time required may not invalidate nor reduce any claim if Sun Life determines that such proof was furnished as soon as was reasonably possible. Except in the absence of legal capacity, however, such proof must be furnished no later than one year from the time proof is otherwise required. Claim is received by Sun Life will begin processing your claim once all the completed claim Sun Life forms have been received. Your claim cannot be processed until Sun Life has received the Employee’s Statement (including the Consent for Service Canada and Insurer to Communicate Disability Benefit Information), Employer’s Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 73 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees Submission of Claims Statement and the Attending Physician’s Statement. Incomplete or If additional information is needed to make a decision on your claim, additional information Sun Life will notify the College by letter as soon as possible. Your College’s Benefits Administrator will, in turn, notify you that further information is needed. Any expenses associated with acquiring the additional information will be your responsibility with the exception of an Independent Medical Examination (IME) ordered by Sun Life. Claim is reviewed by Sun Life claims personnel and practising doctors review your claim to Sun Life determine if you qualify for disability benefits, in accordance with the terms of your contract. The nature of the claim will determine whether a specialist(s) report(s) is required. How will I be notified if Sun Life will send the College a letter confirming the amount of your my claim has been disability benefits, the date they will commence and the duration for processed? which benefits are approved (if known). Your College’s Benefits Administrator will forward this information along to you. Assuming all the forms have been completed fully and no follow-up is required by Sun Life, it takes approximately 4-6 weeks for a Long Term Disability claim to be processed. If there are any complications with the forms, additional time would be added to the process resulting in a period of time when you could be without remuneration. Every attempt is made to ensure a delay does not happen. Continuous contact between you and your College’s Benefits Administrator will help to minimise this situation. In this event, you may apply for Employment Insurance Sick benefits. What can I do if my Sun Life will advise the College’s Benefits Administrator that your claim is declined? claim has been denied and Sun Life will provide an outline of the procedures and the type of medical information required for reconsideration of your claim. You may respond to this decision by: appealing this decision through the Sun Life appeal process ◼ pursuing your appeal with your College’s Benefits administrator ◼ contacting the OCASA representative at your college ◼ contacting OCASA directly ◼ Your claim will be reconsidered provided you submit new medical information as requested for review. In order to effectively re-evaluate your claim, all outstanding information requested in the decline letter must be provided. Effective