after you become eligible for the Extended Health Care coverage without jeopardizing your entitlement to coverage. This enrolment form also contains information relating to the completion date of your waiting period and the effective date of your mandatory and optional benefits. You will be enrolled in the mandatory and optional benefits following completion of the appropriate waiting periods. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 8 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Your Certificate Your College will assign you a certificate number that will be used to Number set up your benefit information and which you can use to generate an identification card on line in the event you need to produce proof that you have benefit coverage. This certificate number will be a unique number and will contain a code to identify your employee group, your College and your file. This is necessary in order for Sun Life to process your claims and for you to access your claims information. Confidentiality Your privacy is respected and the personal information collected is held between your College and Sun Life in the strictest confidence. At Sun Life Financial, access to your personal information is restricted to the persons outlined in the Respecting Your Privacy clause at the end of this booklet. Updating your To ensure that your benefit coverage is kept up-to-date, it is important Records that you report any of the following changes to your Benefits Administrator at the College: change of name. ◼ change of beneficiary. ◼ addition of a spouse/partner and/or dependent child. ◼ change in marital status. ◼ death of a spouse/partner and/or dependent child. ◼ Accessing your Where required by legislation, for insured benefits, you may obtain records copies of the following documents: your enrolment form or application for insurance. ◼ any written statements or other record, not otherwise part of the ◼ application, that you provided to Sun Life as evidence of insurability. with reasonable notice, the contract. The first copy will be ◼ provided at no cost to you but a fee may be charged for subsequent copies. All requests for copies of documents should be directed to one of the following sources: Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca. ◼ Sun Life’s Customer Care centre by calling toll-free at ◼ 1-800-361-6212. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 9 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Section 7 - Changing Benefit Coverage Changes affecting Changes in employment and personal status may affect your benefit your coverage coverage. It is important for you to contact your Benefits Administrator to discuss your benefit coverage prior to the effective date of an employment status change or within 31 days following a personal status change. Benefit coverage during There is provision in your group contract for you to continue benefit leaves of absence, coverage when you are not actively at work, provided certain criteria illness, etc. are met. If you are absent from work on an employer-approved personal leave of absence with pay, personal leave of absence without pay, maternity/parental leave, professional development leave, illness or disability, benefits can be