Employees Short Term Disability Section 13 - Short Term Disability Plan (STD) General description The Colleges have full legal, financial and administrative of coverage responsibility for this benefit. Questions or inquiries in regard to this benefit must be directed to your College’s Benefits Administrator. The Short Term Disability Plan (STD) is not an insurance plan. It is a benefit paid directly to you by the College. Participation Effective July 1, 1991, all full-time employees are covered by this Plan. Funding This Plan is funded by the College. Waiting Period New employees will be eligible for benefits under this Plan from their first day of service with the College. The annual benefit allocation describe shall be credited at that time. Benefit Year The benefit year shall be July 1 to June 30 of the following year. The annual benefit shall be credited to all covered employees who are actively at work, on approved vacation or leave of absence with pay (except sick leave under this Plan) on July 1. Workers’ Compensation If you receive payments under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act and other STD or any other short-term disability insurance, your STD payments will Insurance supplement the amount payable under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, or such other insurance, up to the amount otherwise payable under this Plan. No accrual for gratuity Nothing in this Plan shall be interpreted to mean that any benefit for retirement or credited under this Plan may be used or accrued toward any form of severance purposes payment or compensation upon separation from the college for any reason. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 40 Administrative Employees Short Term Disability (a) During absences due to illness or injury, participating employees who would otherwise be scheduled to work shall receive 100% of regular pay for up to and including one hundred and thirty (130) working days in any one benefit year. Except as described in (c) below, any benefit not used at the end of any plan year shall not be carried forward to any subsequent plan year. (b) At the commencement of each plan year, every employee covered by this Plan who is actively at work shall have the benefit entitlement described in (a) above reinstated provided that the employee is not absent again for the same or related cause for which benefits were paid under the previous year's entitlement. (c) Where an employee covered by this Plan is not actively at work on the first working day of a new plan year, any balance of the entitlement described in (a) above shall be retained by such employee to be used to continue to cover the current absence due to illness or injury. (d) Where any employee described in (c) above returns to work, the benefit entitlement described in (a) above shall be reinstated upon the completion of 20 consecutive working days. However, if the employee is absent again due to the same or related illness or disability, they may only use the balance of benefits from the previous plan year. (e) Where an employee covered by