to the satisfaction of Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 4 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Sun Life, that such confinement was for active treatment that would normally be found in a general hospital. In no event will that part of an institution which operates as a home for the aged, rest home, nursing home, chronic care facility or a place for the care and treatment of drug addicts or alcoholics be considered a hospital for the purpose of this contract. Palliative Care Services for palliative care provided in a hospital, as defined under Regulation 964 under the Public Hospitals Act, R.S.O. 1990, c.P-40 are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Services for palliative care provided at Casey House or any other hospice which is approved for hospital purposes pursuant to an Order- in-Council under the Public Hospitals Act are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Illness An illness is a bodily injury, disease, mental infirmity, sickness or the consequences of surgery needed to donate a body part to another person which causes total disability. Incurred Expense An expense is incurred on the date the service is received or the supplies are purchased or rented. Reasonable and Standard medically approved treatments and procedures which are Customary normally applied in the treatment of a particular illness or condition Expenses and are provided at costs equivalent to the normal charges for such treatment in the location where such treatment is provided. Survivor(s) Your eligible dependent(s) if you die while employed by the College provided you were participating in the group insurance benefits at the time of your death. Refer to Section 9 for further details. Effective February 1, 2024 (1) 5 Contract No. 50833 and 50090 Administrative Employees General Information Section 4 - Categories of Benefits Mandatory Benefits You must participate in the following benefits: Basic Life Insurance ◼ Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance ◼ Long Term Disability ◼ Extended Health Care (includes Vision and Hearing Care) ◼ Dental Care ◼ Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Basic Life Insurance 100% 0% AD & D Insurance 100% 0% Long Term Disability 66.67% 33.33% Extended Health Care 100% 0% ▪ Vision Care 75% 25% ▪ Hearing Care 100% 0% Dental Care 100% 0% Optional Benefits You may elect to participate in the following benefits: Supplementary Life Insurance ◼ Employee Pay-All Life Insurance ◼ Dependent Life Insurance ◼ Critical Illness Insurance ◼ Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Supplementary Life Insurance 50% 50% Employee Pay-All Life Insurance 0% 100% Dependent Life Insurance 0% 100% Critical Illness Insurance 0% 100% Premium Deductions In addition to the cost of the benefits, Ontario Retail Sales Tax, Quebec Retail Sales Tax and Manitoba Retail Sales Tax is applied to the actual premium and must be paid by you and the College if you are a resident of Ontario, Quebec or Manitoba respectively. The College’s Benefits Administrator will provide the premium deduction information to you at the time of enrolment. Premiums are The Canada Revenue Agency has determined that the premiums and considered Taxable associated Retail