ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2010 18. Guarantees: In the normal course of business, the College enters into agreements that meet the definition of a guarantee. (a) The College has provided indemnities under lease agreements for the use of various operating facilities and license agreements relating to the construction site for the Waterfront Campus Development. Under the terms of these agreements the College agrees to indemnify the counterparties for various items including, but not limited to, all liabilities, loss, suits, and damages arising during, on or after the terms of the agreements. The maximum amount of any potential future payment cannot be reasonably estimated. (b) Indemnity has been provided to all directors and or officers of the College for various items including, but not limited to, all costs to settle suits or actions due to association with the College, subject to certain restrictions. The College has purchased directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to mitigate the cost of any potential future suits or actions. The term of the indemnification is not explicitly defined, but is limited to the period over which the indemnified party served as a trustee, director or officer of the College. The maximum amount of any potential future payment cannot be reasonably estimated. (c) In the normal course of business, the College has entered into agreements that include indemnities in favour of third parties, such as student work placement agreements. These indemnification agreements may require the College to compensate counterparties for losses incurred by the counterparties as a result of breaches in representation and regulations or as a result of litigation claims or statutory sanctions that may be suffered by the counterparty as a consequence of the transaction. The terms of these indemnities are not explicitly defined and the maximum amount of any potential reimbursement cannot be reasonably estimated. The nature of these indemnification agreements prevents the College from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum exposure due to the difficulties in assessing the amount of liability which stems from the unpredictability of future events and the unlimited coverage offered to counterparties. Historically, the College has not made any significant payments under such or similar indemnification agreements and therefore no amount has been recorded in the statement of financial position with respect to these agreements. 19. City of Toronto daycare subsidies: During the March 31, 2010 fiscal year, the College recorded wage subsidies totaling $483,352 (2009 - $477,143), wage improvement subsidies totaling $31,912 (2009 - $31,401) and Special Needs grants totaling $141,770 (2009 - $139,210), from the City of Toronto. 19 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2010 20. Capital management: The College considers its net assets and deferred capital contributions as its capital. Net assets The College operations are reliant on revenues generated annually. The College has accumulated net assets to March 31, 2010 of approximately $121,232,000 (2009 - $106,301,000) which are presented in the statement of financial position as net assets. The majority of this amount relates to invested