Brown College and the city, including emergency graduates for their response systems in hospitals and the creation of new options for soft skills than any small-scale wind energy — two other college in i Statistics Canada, “projections of the Diversity innovative concepts developed by gTA of the Canadian population,” March 2010 entrepreneurs, and brought to market the gTA. ii Conference Board of Canada, “ontario’s with the assistance of george Brown looming labour Shortages Challenge,” 2007 iii T D economics’ Report on the literacy of College students and faculty. Northstar Research Partners, immigrants in Canada Employer Tracking Research, 2011 8 9 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 2010-11: A YeAR oF gTA employers gave george ReSeARCh & ReFleCTion Being the bridge between students Brown College graduates the and employers means fully understanding what matters most to each, and identifying solutions highest rating among all five vAluABle engAgeMenT to fill any gaps. in 2010-11, george Brown College commissioned a oppoRTuniTieS FoR series of primary research studies to gTA colleges and across the eMploYeRS examine the needs, challenges and perspectives of these distinct groups. gTA employers can connect with The research revealed a number of skill sets they value most. george Brown College in several opportunities to bring these groups meaningful ways. together by finding educational solutions that connect them. Northstar Research Partners, Employer Tracking Research, 2011 Program Action Committees employers interested in helping the college maintain the currency of its curriculum can join our program Advisory Committees (pACs). Comprised of faculty, students, employers and administrators, these committees provide a 360-degree perspective on curriculum development, and allow industry partners to help set students on the path to meeting their needs. Field Placements There’s no better way for an employer to show students the realities of their workplace than through “george Brown is a great fit with Tridel because field education. These invaluable they’re willing to listen to and work with the industry. partnerships between george Brown College and hundreds of industry We also find that george Brown students are very partners throughout the gTA and beyond not only provide students with well rounded in terms of education. The training they the real-world skills they need to be have received is very true to life. And they come with successful, they also offer employers the opportunity to fill employment great enthusiasm.” gaps and gain access to the next generation of talented professionals. David LeFevre, Chief Estimator, Tridel GBC Careers This year marked the first full year of operation for the george Brown “nurses in Family practice have used their basic nursing College job board, www.gbcareers. georgebrown.ca. Through this knowledge and gained ‘on the job’ experience in order online portal, employers can connect gTA employers listed customer service, to become experts in areas such as chronic disease with students and graduates from a cross-section of faculties, schools and management, patient education, prenatal and pediatric care, productivity and teamwork as the three skills industries and learn more about them geriatrics, and counseling… i congratulate george Brown and explore opportunities for summer, part-time and full-time employment. College for providing