enrol directly from high school. George Brown College Institutional Research Office, “2009 Fact Book Highlights Report” 43% The Changing george Brown Deepening the substantially to the skills development of george Brown College Student Student experience of the students and makes them more inclined to continue their relationship with College students george Brown College is a microcosm At george Brown College, students george Brown College well after they of Toronto in many ways, but most are positively engaged with the college have graduated. The end result will be a were born outside obviously in its diversity. A smaller from the moment they express interest growing george Brown College graduate of Canada. proportion of students are coming to in attending. They are provided with community that works cohesively to the college in a straight line from high guidance and orientation to help them continually raise the bar of quality school. They come from all walks of transition smoothly into college life. education and student life at the college. George Brown College life, all parts of the world and will enter They are given tools for success through Institutional Research Office, goals of the enhanced focus on student the college in their twenties, thirties, one-on-one counselling, a lively, social “2009 Fact Book Highlights Report” experience include: forties and beyond. Many will do so and encouraging environment in which more than once. to learn and grow and extracurricular • Attract and select learners with 29% Some of these students are experienced opportunities to expand the college potential to succeed experience during their years of study. employees who want or need to • Identify individual needs to optimize Co-curricular activities that support reinvent their careers. Some are new customer service leadership the development of critical soft skills Canadians who have arrived in Canada will be expanded, evaluated and • Define, set and measure student to discover their professional credentials documented, differentiating george experience performance against of george Brown are not recognized and must find Brown College graduates even further. standards an accessible path to the many in- And, once they’ve graduated, they are College students demand professions in ontario. others • Build support systems that facilitate encouraged to return to the college and are university graduates who seek student persistence and engagement come to us following a participate in activities, volunteerism or the practical, experiential learning • Earn a reputation as the college that philanthropy. employers are increasingly demanding. university experience. understands employment in the gTA. Still, others are learners with special This student engagement outside the needs who hold great hope that a classroom adds considerable value Key Performance Indicators, college education is a means to a more to the post-secondary experience. in Colleges Ontario, 2010 meaningful, productive life. fact, research shows it contributes 20 21 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Paying Back: An expanded Role for partners Graeme Page Doug Turnbull president Chair george Brown george Brown College Foundation College Foundation leTTeR FRoM The each of us benefits from the success of These developments are complemented inveSTing in The FuTuRe 2010 post-secondary enrolment in