43% will need to be laid to create new student Brown College Foundation continues gap. That, together with $60 million the needed. This will place greater pressure funding than colleges. spaces. Scholarship funds will be needed pursuing its $250 million vision to Foundation is committed to raising from on the resources available to ontario’s to attract students to fill those spaces. support expansion of the College. The the private sector, will bring to fruition colleges, which are provided the lowest College university Colleges Ontario, 2011 Environmental Scan With industry partnerships, george Brown next 12 months will see the final touches projects that will have a lasting impact level of public funding per student among College plans to address the anticipated put on a new waterfront campus that on all aspects of life in the gTA. These Canada’s provinces. gaping holes in the labour market for jobs will not only accommodate 3,500 health- initiatives present a historic opportunity While enrolment at ontario colleges that are critical to the social well-being sciences students, but will provide them for donors in the gTA to leave a lasting has increased almost 30% in the past ontario’s post-secondary institutions of our city. These students will go on to with more than 300,000 square feet legacy on the city. Through their support 15 years, public funding in the 2010-11 become the dental hygienists, nurses, of the most modern, technologically and generosity, graduates from all walks academic year remained at comparable welders, carpenters, engineers and game advanced and environmentally of life can make a difference to our city, levels to 1996-97, creating a significant receive $7,000 in operating grants developers of tomorrow. sustainable studying space in the to its communities and to the prosperity gap between the resources colleges need province. This new facility will allow us to of our economy. and what is publicly provided.iv per full-time student — the lowest free space and redevelop our Casa loma Supporting expansion and St. James campuses to expand the in the country and less than half construction and engineering programs, To meet growing enrolment demand, which in turn will help these sectors george Brown College has embarked on that of Manitoba. mitigate current labour shortages. a $250 million expansion vision, which includes a $60 million contribution from the private sector to support a series of Colleges Ontario, 2011 Environmental Scan projects that will open up thousands of spaces for students. 22 iv Colleges ontario, “2011 environmental Scan” 23 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 leadership in Student Support OTSS Fundraising Progress The ontario Trust for Student Support (oTSS) matches the donations of private and industry donors to provide students $2,500,000 Government our $175 million Waterfront Campus is with limited financial means access to Target Goal a post-secondary education that will $2,000,000 set to open its doors next September. it will create spaces for 3,500 change their futures. $1,500,000 George Brown health-sciences students each year — endowment funds support the more College Actual students who will go on to fill skills than 50% of george Brown College $1,000,000 shortages in important