to ensure that our programs and the full we do so with a constant awareness that student experience at george Brown our role as a post-secondary institution College are ready for these changes so is critical not only to the employers and that we can continue to produce students we serve, but to the city and its successful graduates. many communities. 2 3 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Start: preparing to Shape the Future 65% of the children in pre- school today will work in jobs that don’t currently exist. Jim Carroll, Trends and Innovation Expert Anticipating change — in our economy, in the workplace and in exceed the needs of employers through our students — has been a core focus at george Brown College 2020. For this to happen, new and over the course of the past 12 months. leadership and staff more flexible learning approaches and have spent the year focused on the decade ahead, forecasting curricula must be offered; new ways and planning for the socioeconomic changes that will shape the of engaging industry and community college’s approach to preparing students to be the graduates of identified; and new ways of strategically choice for employers in Toronto and beyond. managing our exploding growth carefully considered. This work has been fuelled by an unprecedented amount of research examining the challenges, needs, perspectives and employers expect graduates to begin perception gaps that exist among students and their future their careers armed with much more 58% employers. As the bridge that connects them, it is critical that than technical ability. They expect strong the college understands the current and future trends that will communicators and team players with As the college moves toward 2020, it Achieving these goals will require continue to shape an evolving workplace. a commitment to customer-service will need creative approaches to achieve deeper levels of cooperation and excellence. More broadly, these attributes its goals and renewed emphasis on the increased investment from the private The research findings have helped to identify a new series of of gTA employers who will form the skills base Toronto’s objectives that will keep it at the forefront sector. As the direct beneficiaries of objectives and priorities aimed at identifying the best methods economy requires to remain competitive plan to hire a post- of post-secondary education, namely: successful college graduates, it will be of developing graduates who are well-prepared to meet and through the next decade. secondary graduate • Preparing diverse learners for incumbent upon Toronto’s employers to meaningfully engage with george this year plan to hire job success Brown College, supporting program a college graduate, • Investing in the creation and development and currency, field compared with 42% stewardship of high-performing education, student scholarship, partnerships and expansion. who intend to hire a gRADuATe pRoFile university graduate. • Being an enabler of the innovation Fundamentally, it will take significant Alejandro Holguin – hospitality, Tourism and leisure economy public and private sector collaboration Class of 2009 Northstar Research Partners, • Building a sustainable financial and to continue to equip students with the Employer