of Chartered Accountants’ (“CICA’s”) standards on recognition and measurement and presentation of financial instruments. The standards are titled S.3855 - Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement, S.3861 - Financial Instruments Disclosure and Presentation, and S.3865. - Hedges. In addition, S.4400 - Financial Statement Presentation by Not-for-profit Organizations was amended. In accordance with these revised standards, the College on April 1, 2007 has classified its financial instruments as follows: Financial instrument Category Cash Held-for-trading Long Term Investments Held-for-trading Accounts receivable Loans and receivables Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other liabilities Long Term Liabilities Other Liabilities Held-for-trading items are carried at fair value, with changes in their fair value recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the current period. “Loans and receivables” are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, net of any impairment. “Other liabilities” are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method. As required, the revised standards have been applied retrospectively as at April 1, 2007 without restatement of the comparative amounts. As a result of adopting the revised standards as at April 1, 2007, the carrying values of all the College’s financial instruments have remained the same as the carrying values recorded as at March 31, 2007, except for the carrying value of long-term investments. The adjustment of $155,910 to increase the carrying value of long-term investments to their fair value as at April 1, 2007 has been reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets. Management has determined that there were no embedded derivatives that were required to be accounted for separately as derivatives as at April 1, 2007. 8 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2008 2. Changes in accounting policy (continued): (b) Future accounting changes (i) Financial instruments In December 2006, the CICA issued Section 3862, Financial Instruments - Disclosures; and Section 3863; Financial Instruments - Presentation. Both sections will be applicable to financial statements relating to fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2007. Accordingly, the College will adopt the new standards for its fiscal year beginning April 1, 2008. Section 3862 on financial instruments disclosures, requires the disclosure of information about: (a) the significance of financial instruments for the College’s financial position and performance and (b) the nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments to which the College is exposed during the period and at the balance sheet date, and how the College manages those risks. Section 3863 on the presentation for financial instruments establishes standards for presentation of financial instruments and non-financial derivatives. These changes in accounting policies, which will be adopted effective April 1, 2008, will only require additional disclosures in the financial statements. (ii) Inventories In June 2007, the CICA issued Section 3031, Inventories, replacing Section 3030, Inventories. The new Section will be applicable to financial statements relating to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2008. Accordingly, the College will adopt the new standards for its fiscal year beginning April 1, 2008. Under the new Section, inventories are required to