solution-based capabilities that go enough of our workforce has transitioned to this new reality. beyond the theoretical. A changing student demographic has resulted in increasingly, post-secondary students require flexible options increased reliance on career transition for post-secondary education and a variety of learning and lifelong learning to maintain experiences to attain or upgrade their employability skills. economic prosperity. george Brown While classrooms, labs and simulated work environments College contributed to this prosperity remain at the heart of this process, student life outside in 2010-11 by graduating its highest the classroom plays a significant role, and real-world field number of newly skilled students yet. Between 2006 and 2015, service producing industries will grow 12% and generate 1.6 million jobs Statistics Canada, “Ten-Year Outlook for the Canadian Labour Market (2006-2015)”, 2007 The neW eMploYMenT ReAliTY Twenty-first century jobs require constant learning to maintain high levels of productivity. upgrading More than 35% of the current workforce falls of technical skills continues to be a strong motivator to send mature learners back to school, but these mature learners require more flexible educational options than those who come to us from high school. george Brown College is making flexible learning options a top priority over the next decade to ensure between the ages of 50 and 65. that those who want or need to upgrade their skills can do so in a manner that meets their lifestyle and personal circumstance. That means more opportunities for distance learning, online delivery, streamlining of programs and a sustained emphasis on continuing education programs. TD Economics, “The Changing Canadian Workplace,” 2010 6 7 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 less than half of generation Y is employed Canada ranks first in post- in the careers they want. secondary Leger Marketing, Toronto Next, 2009 educational attainment, yet it places 13th eConoMiC iMMigRATion AnD 26% among 17 oeCD ADvAnCeMenT AnD WoRKFoRCe gRoWTh poST-SeConDARY ACCeSS countries in The success of the city hinges on the By 2015, the gTA’s population will success of its newcomers. More than innovation. stand at 6.7 million and by 2031, 46% 100,000 immigrants arrive in ontario of immigrants still will be new Canadians.i Despite this each year, and 78% of them choose to report language Conference Board of Canada, settle in the gTA. Within a few short growth, ontario will face a labour “How Canada Performs: A Report shortage of 364,000 skilled workers years, these new Canadians will make difficulties in english Card on Canada” by 2025ii for jobs in business, dental up 100% of the city’s labour force or French four years growth. nearly half of these newcomers hygiene, nursing, health technologies, are in their prime working years of after their arrival construction management, engineering, green technologies and 25 to 44, but a series of hurdles — in Canada. The innovATion iMpeRATive including language barriers, shortage of a multitude of yet-to-be-established professions. income and a lack of foreign-credential TD Economics, “Report on the Though it boasts the largest workforce recognition — prevents them from in the country, Toronto lags behind Literacy of Immigrants in Canada” in 2010-11, george