the amortization rate for the related capital assets. 5 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2009 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (b) Revenue recognition (continued): Endowment contributions are recognized as direct increases in endowment net assets. Restricted income is recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Unrestricted income is recognized as revenue when earned. Tuition fees are deferred to the extent that the related courses extend beyond the fiscal year of the College. Other operating revenues are deferred to the extent that related services provided, or goods sold, are rendered/delivered subsequent to the end of the College’s fiscal year. (c) Financial instruments: The College has classified each of its financial instruments into the undernoted accounting categories. The category for an item determines its accounting treatment under the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants Standards on the recognition, measurement and presentation of Financial Instruments. Financial instrument Category Cash Held-for-trading Long Term Investments Held-for-trading Grants receivable Loans and receivables Accounts receivable Loans and receivables Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other liabilities Long term liabilities Other liabilities Held-for-trading items are carried at fair value, with changes in their fair value recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the current period. “Loans and receivables” are carried at cost, net of any impairment. “Other liabilities” are carried at cost. Management has determined that there were no embedded derivatives that were required to be accounted for separately as derivatives as at March 31, 2009. Credit, Interest and Market Risk The College is subject to credit risk with respect to its accounts receivable. The College mitigates credit risk by evaluating the collectability of its student accounts and, in addition, the College does not have large concentrations of credit risk due to the large number of customers and diverse nature of its accounts receivable. The College is subject to market and interest rate risks with respect to its long-term investments. The College mitigates these risks through adherence to its investment policies. 6 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2009 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (d) Inventories: Inventories other than books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined on the first-in first-out basis. Books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined using the retail inventory method, which approximates average cost. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price less the estimate cost to make the sale. The inventories recognized as expense during the year were $7,845,399 (2008 - $7,600,992). There were no write downs of inventory to net realizable value or reversals of previous write downs to net realizable value during the year. (e) Long-term investments: Long-term investments are comprised of a bond portfolio. (f) Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these