series of online social- • Direct contact between students - Compressed delivery performing organizations media tools to engage students on a lateral level, and allow and clients - Connected learning spaces them to learn and work collaboratively to solve problems, over the past year, the committee • Domestic & international options develop new ideas and become innovation literate. • Inspires innovation; transforms leading the charge on this initiative student expectations has made significant gains defining in 2010-11, a series of pilot projects The past 12 months have seen a best-in-class partnership and were launched to test different numerous gains made — from the the standards to which these methods of broadening field launch of seven new online courses partnerships should be held. education to include international Christine Walker placements, opportunities for field for math, hospitality and business education in design and technology Before teaching students at george Brown College the art of programs to the creation of a digital programs, interdisciplinary field gastronomy, Christine tantalized palates as a chef in top-rated space and resource for collaboration placements, and extended field restaurants from the u.K. to Australia to new Zealand. living between students and teachers placements for hospitality students. by the adage of “waste not, want not,” Christine currently to the investigation of mobile studies methods of assisting foodservices industry partners communications platforms such how to turn their leftover fruits into preserves and make the as smart phones and tablets as an most of their produce. her efforts have inspired students to alternative form of learning delivery. join in her quest to find new ways of making the most of ontario’s agriculture. 18 19 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Intelligent Growth: Managing unprecedented Demand in the past seven years, applications to george Brown College 60% have increased 50% while enrolment has surged 70% to surpass physical capacity, resulting in the creation of waitlists for many high-demand programs. To accommodate growing numbers of students, the college has increased its physical size through the acquisition of new spaces in the city. But expansion of george Brown cannot come at the expense of academic excellence or the student experience. The college must grow responsibly in order College students to maintain and improve upon the standards that have led it to where it is in 2011. do not enrol directly from high school. George Brown College Institutional Research Office, “2009 Fact Book Highlights Report” 43% The Changing george Brown Deepening the substantially to the skills development of george Brown College Student Student experience of the students and makes them more inclined to continue their relationship with College students george Brown College is a microcosm At george Brown College, students george Brown College well after they of Toronto in many ways, but most are positively engaged with the college have graduated. The end result will be a were born outside obviously in its diversity. A smaller from the moment they express interest growing george Brown College graduate of Canada. proportion of students are coming to in attending. They are provided with community that works cohesively to the