the college remains a leader in understanding employment and effectively preparing students throughout the next decade. This commitment was renewed this year in the college’s mission, vision and values statement, called “The path to leadership”. inspired by a commitment to achievement through gRADuATe pRoFile Monica Melanson – excellence in teaching, applied learning and innovation: pre-Community Services Class of 2006 After taking a tour as part of • We will set the benchmark to • We will build a seamless bridge • We will create a community of life-long the pre-Community program at which all colleges will aspire, and between learners and employment as learners, grounded in the principles of george Brown College, Monica be recognized as a key resource in we develop dynamic programs and access, diversity, mutual respect and was struck by the environment at shaping the future of Toronto as a workplace-ready graduates who will be accountability the parkdale Activity Recreation leading global city the candidates of choice for employers Centre (pARC), a non-profit organization that supports diverse groups of people. She then enrolled in the Social Services Worker program, which soon led to a full-time job as vision 2020 a Community Mental health outreach Worker at pARC. Much of the past year has been spent power to mitigate potential obstacles; that encourage innovative thinking, preparing a forecast and developing a cost, location, language and age so that establish new pathways to enable plan for the next decade. vision 2020 students can receive quality education students to move between programs is a response to the transformation whenever and however they choose, and institutions and change the way of the gTA’s economy that’s already regardless of their personal socioeconomic programs are delivered so that faculty, underway and a preparation for situation. It is a goal that recognizes that administration and support staff are changes yet to come. it is the product today’s students lead increasingly complex constantly refreshing their methodology of considerable primary and secondary lives and need new options to ensure they and expertise to ensure they meet the research studying the depth and receive the training to find meaningful evolving needs of employers. breadth of these changes and how employment. The result will be an annual cohort of they affect private and public sector vision 2020 will create new methods of graduates that is flexible and adaptive leaders, departmental managers, learning delivery to be more flexible and to an ever-evolving workplace. These students and the next cohort of use up-to-date technology. it will provide individuals will be lifelong learners prospective graduates. all students an opportunity to experience with a desire to continually improve The resulting plan focuses on the field learning that can provide real-world themselves, and refine their balance customized needs of an increasingly scenarios and allow them to develop the of technical and soft skills. diverse student body. george Brown skills they need to get the jobs they want. College will do everything in its it will implement educational approaches 14 15 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Six Commitments Form vision 2020: Field education Field learning