dedicated to providing post-secondary and vocationally-oriented education. The College is a registered charity and is exempt from income taxes under the Income Tax Act, provided the specified disbursements quota is achieved. 1. Significant accounting policies: These consolidated financial statements are the representations of management and have been prepared in accordance with Canadian generally accepted accounting standards for not-for-profit organizations. The significant accounting policies are as follows: (a) (i) Basis of accounting: The College’s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the College and the College’s 50% interest in the GBSP Centre Corp. joint venture. All material inter-entity transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation. (ii) Student Organizations These financial statements do not reflect the assets, liabilities and the results of operations of the various student organizations. (b) Revenue recognition: The College follows the deferral method of accounting for restricted contributions. Operating grants are recorded as revenue in the period to which they relate. Grants earned but not received at the end of an accounting period are accrued. Where a portion of a grant relates to a future period, it is deferred and recognized in that subsequent period. Unrestricted contributions are recognized as revenue when received or receivable, if the amount to be received can be reasonably estimated and collection is reasonably assured. Externally restricted contributions, other than endowment contributions, are recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Contributions restricted for the purchase of capital assets are deferred and amortized into revenue on a straight-line basis, at a rate corresponding with the amortization rate for the related capital assets. 5 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2010 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (b) Revenue recognition (continued): Endowment contributions are recognized as direct increases in endowment net assets. Restricted income is recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Unrestricted income is recognized as revenue when earned. Tuition fees are deferred to the extent that the related courses extend beyond the fiscal year of the College. Other operating revenues are deferred to the extent that related services provided, or goods sold, are rendered/delivered subsequent to the end of the College’s fiscal year. (c) Financial instruments: The College has classified each of its financial instruments into the undernoted accounting categories. The category for an item determines its accounting treatment under the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants Standards on the recognition, measurement and presentation of Financial Instruments. Financial instrument Category Cash Held-for-trading Short Term Investments Held-for-trading Long Term Investments Held-for-trading Grants receivable Loans and receivables Accounts receivable Loans and receivables Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other liabilities Long term liabilities Other liabilities Held-for-trading items are carried at fair value, with changes in their fair value measured in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the current period. “Loans and receivables” are carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method, net of any impairment. “Other liabilities” are measured at amortized cost. The carrying value of cash, grants receivable, accounts receivable and accounts payable and