inter- entity transactions and balances are eliminated on consolidation. (ii) Student organizations These financial statements do not reflect the assets, liabilities and the results of operations of the various student organizations. (b) Revenue recognition The College follows the deferral method of accounting for contributions, which include donations and government grants. Operating grants are recorded as revenue in the period to which they relate. Grants earned but not received at the end of an accounting period are accrued. Where a portion of a grant relates to a future period, it is deferred and recognized in that subsequent period. Unrestricted contributions are recognized as revenue when received or receivable, if the amount to be received can be reasonably estimated and collection is reasonably assured. Externally restricted contributions, other than endowment contributions, are recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Contributions restricted for the purchase of capital assets are deferred and amortized into revenue on a straight-line basis, at a rate corresponding with the amortization rate for the related capital assets. Endowment contributions are recognized as direct increases in endowment net assets. 5 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2008 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (b) Revenue recognition (continued) Restricted income is recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Unrestricted income is recognized as revenue when earned. Tuition fees are deferred to the extent that the related courses extend beyond the fiscal year of the College. Other operating revenues are deferred to the extent that related services provided, or goods sold, are rendered/delivered subsequent to the end of the College’s fiscal year. (c) Inventories Inventories other than books are valued at the lower of cost, (determined on the first-in first- out basis) and net realizable value. Books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value using the retail inventory method. (d) Investments (i) Investment in Joint Venture The investment in the 50% owned joint venture “GBSP Centre Corp.” is accounted for using the proportionate consolidation method. (ii) Long-term investments Long-term investments comprised of a bond portfolio are recorded at fair value (2007 – lower of cost and market value). (e) Capital assets (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. 6 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2008 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (e) Capital assets (continued) (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. With the exception of artwork which is not amortized, amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the