These attracts high-performing, valued placements have been coordinated in special projects benefit students and employees who breed excellence in China, india, Jamaica and Cuba. Diverse entrepreneurs alike by connecting the execution of their diverse roles. learning delivery methods are also being industries with the resources they need explored, including compressed courses across our academic divisions to help that allow programs to be completed them close the loop in commercializing within shorter timeframes and through their concepts. Students receive digital resources. invaluable opportunities to experience real-world collaboration and innovation new methods of identifying in the true spirit of entrepreneurialism. areas of weakness — such as oral 21% of gTA residents These projects are a powerful communication — are being put into demonstration of the george Brown practice early on in students’ academic College commitment to Toronto’s considering post-secondary careers so that they can take advantage economic and employment vitality. of newly introduced english courses. education plan to attend george programs have been established through “While invention is the act of building something new, the office of Community partnerships to help prospective students facing Brown College — the highest innovation is the process of creating social or economic social and financial adversity gain a new lease on life through a post-secondary rate among all gTA colleges. education they had previously thought value from something that already exists.” was inaccessible. Environics, “Perceptions of George Brown College and Potential Opportunities”, 2011 Robert Luke, Assistant Vice President of Research and Innovation, George Brown College 16 17 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 putting Wind in the Sales “The social and environmental ouR FACulTY: eXpeRTS in eDuCATion AnD eMploYMenT of green Syndications impact of the vertical axis wind Faculty at george Brown College are a key resource in achieving gTA-based green Syndications couldn’t quite perfect the turbine is that most of this is the george Brown College mandate to understand all aspects design of its vertical-axis wind turbine, a compact source of modern-day employment. Though they spend their days of green energy created to power individual homes and going to be produced in ontario, teaching students about their professional passions, they small commercial buildings. Students of the george Brown maintain active engagement with the industries they support. College School of Construction and engineering helped which stimulates the economy. From taking on ambitious professional projects throughout the the company refine its design so that it could be sold to year to participating in industry associations, george Brown green energy consumers. Since then, green Syndication has it’s going to create jobs; it’s going College instructors keep a finger on the pulse of their industry. received orders from as close by as downtown Toronto to These instructors provide students with perspective and currency. as far away as the philippines. The original prototype still to create opportunity.” They keep them abreast of industry changes and support the operates atop the Casa loma campus. development of the skills graduates must acquire to succeed. Edward Wong, George Brown College student researcher for Green Syndications Betty-Jean Reid & Corene Kennedy What happens when you bring