The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 AnnuAl RepoRT 2010-11 The Job Ahead The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Start Context The Plan Intelligent Paying Back Growth preparing A Changing Charting An expanded to Shape Workplace a path to Managing Role for the Future leadership unprecedented partners Demand o ne year spent looking 1 0 years ahead. An artist’s rendering of the future student fitness facility to be added atop 200 King St. e. at the St. James Campus is one of many examples of how the college will expand to improve the student experience over the next decade. 1 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Anne Sado Michael Eubanks president Chair Board of governors Anticipating change. in students in the workplace A MeSSAge FRoM The We are reminded daily that our students 2010-11 was the year we finished our are the focus of everything we do. our homework. now it’s time to begin the pReSiDenT AnD The ChAiR oF mandate is to serve them; to meet their job ahead — to make george Brown The BoARD oF goveRnoRS needs and to help them find a path to College the post-secondary institute that in Toronto’s success. We are confident that, as a truly understands employment. That if there’s one phrase that defines the economy result of the work that is now behind us, is our commitment to our students, to past year, it’s “doing our homework”— we are in a strong position to continue Toronto’s employers and to our city. preparing for what’s to come at george to meet that goal for years to come. Brown College for our students, their We have an opportunity to shape our employers and the economic health of The plans we have put in place over the collective future, rather than letting it the city in which they live and work. in past year are our response to clear needs, shape us. true academic fashion, we have spent ensuring that we give students the right the past year hitting the books — tools, environments and opportunities studying how the workplace will change to make their time at george Brown over the course of the next decade. As College much more than simply a means a result, we have laid the groundwork to an end. As we move toward 2020, to ensure that our programs and the full we do so with a constant awareness that student experience at george Brown our role as a post-secondary institution College are ready for these changes so is critical not only to the employers and that we can continue to produce students we serve, but to the city and its successful graduates. many communities. 2 3 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Start: preparing to Shape the Future 65% of the children in pre- school today will work in jobs that don’t currently exist. Jim Carroll, Trends and Innovation Expert Anticipating change — in our economy, in the workplace and in exceed the needs of employers through our students — has been a core focus at george Brown College 2020. For