a of learning environments. While unique contribution to the industries in improve the student environment. charted course of definitive learning classrooms and labs will remain the which they work. objectives and benchmarks that have heart of the college experience, leveraging State-of-the-Art already evolved the college from a additional investment will be made investing in the Creation and Technology centre of learning to a community of to ensure students get the full benefit Stewardship of high-value and educational trailblazers. from the social and extracurricular A promise to offer the most high-performing partnerships opportunities across our campuses, advanced technologies available to As this program of academic excellence the real-world experience that comes An aim to establish and maintain enhance innovation in teaching, takes root over the course of the next from working on field placements industry partnerships that are learning, applied research, decade, it will profoundly change the and the flexibility that comes from strategically aligned to college programs; programming and service delivery. way education is administered at george learning online. exist within the parameters of a The college aims to be recognized as Brown College. learning models will definitive governing framework; and, a leader in the knowledge economy alter the role of professor from that of ensure a mutually beneficial outcome for and to create a campus environment sage to one of knowledge curator — ReTuRn on innovATion: student and employer alike. that drives innovation and creativity. someone who helps students gather, ApplieD ReSeARCh organize and analyze information to enabling the innovation economy Building a high-performing their own advantage. Students are offered applied research An imperative to create course curricula, Organization Field education will be a more opportunities through a cross- programming, experiential learning An intent to balance the alignment prominent component of the college college approach established four opportunities and applied research and engagement of our staff, and experience regardless of program. in years ago that fosters strategic and projects that enable students to solve to be a flexible organization that fact, the number of field placements at innovative thinking by finding creative, real industry problems with practical responds to new opportunities with the college increased 10% in the past collaborative solutions to real-world solutions more efficiently and effectively. appropriate risk analysis; one that year alone, and new international field problems faced by employers. These attracts high-performing, valued placements have been coordinated in special projects benefit students and employees who breed excellence in China, india, Jamaica and Cuba. Diverse entrepreneurs alike by connecting the execution of their diverse roles. learning delivery methods are also being industries with the resources they need explored, including compressed courses across our academic divisions to help that allow programs to be completed them close the loop in commercializing within shorter timeframes and through their concepts. Students receive digital resources. invaluable opportunities to experience real-world collaboration and innovation new methods of identifying in the true spirit of entrepreneurialism. areas of weakness — such as oral 21% of gTA residents These projects are a powerful communication — are being put into demonstration of the george Brown practice early on