post-secondary education, namely: successful college graduates, it will be of developing graduates who are well-prepared to meet and through the next decade. secondary graduate • Preparing diverse learners for incumbent upon Toronto’s employers to meaningfully engage with george this year plan to hire job success Brown College, supporting program a college graduate, • Investing in the creation and development and currency, field compared with 42% stewardship of high-performing education, student scholarship, partnerships and expansion. who intend to hire a gRADuATe pRoFile university graduate. • Being an enabler of the innovation Fundamentally, it will take significant Alejandro Holguin – hospitality, Tourism and leisure economy public and private sector collaboration Class of 2009 Northstar Research Partners, • Building a sustainable financial and to continue to equip students with the Employer Tracking Research, 2011 resource model skills and resources they need to excel Alejandro emerged from the hospitality, Tourism and leisure program at in their careers of choice, and thereby george Brown College with clearly defined goals and well-developed abilities, • Leveraging state-of-the-art-technology provide employers and the greater but his professional development didn’t end there. he also pursued the • Building a high-performing organization economy with the capable, future- college’s hotel Management program. Combined, these diplomas gave him ready work force it demands. the leadership, interpersonal and technical skills he needs to run all facets of a hospitality business and led to a post-graduation role as the restaurant manager at the holiday inn in guelph, ontario. 4 5 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Context: A Changing Workplace Since 2002, the Canadian manufacturing sector’s contribution experiences are becoming an increasingly to gDp has fallen more than 25% while the financial, crucial requirement for effective wholesale and social service sectors have risen dramatically. workplace preparation. Also, while Major sectors, such as health care, are moving toward more online educational delivery is not new, collaborative delivery models while new technologies continue it will become a much more significant to change the operations of centuries-old industries. learning option by 2020. Through this transformation, many ontarians find themselves Beyond the base of skills training, unemployed, underemployed or simply lacking the skills employers are looking for graduates required to fill the thousands of in-demand jobs across the from programs that foster productive, province. The knowledge economy is in full effect, but not solution-based capabilities that go enough of our workforce has transitioned to this new reality. beyond the theoretical. A changing student demographic has resulted in increasingly, post-secondary students require flexible options increased reliance on career transition for post-secondary education and a variety of learning and lifelong learning to maintain experiences to attain or upgrade their employability skills. economic prosperity. george Brown While classrooms, labs and simulated work environments College contributed to this prosperity remain at the heart of this process, student life outside in 2010-11 by graduating its highest the classroom plays a significant role, and real-world field number of newly skilled students yet. Between 2006 and 2015, service producing industries will grow 12% and generate 1.6 million jobs Statistics Canada, “Ten-Year Outlook for the Canadian Labour Market (2006-2015)”,