the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenditures during the year. The most significant items subject to management estimation are the allowance for doubtful accounts and accruals for sick leave benefits, employee future benefits and other employment related accruals. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 2. Changes in accounting policy: (a) Adoption of accounting policies (i) Section 1535 - Capital Disclosures On April 1, 2008, the College adopted the requirements of the CICA Section 1535 “Capital Disclosures” which requires the disclosure of qualitative and quantitative information that enables users of the financial statements to evaluate the organization’s objectives, policies and processes for managing capital. The adoption of this new standard has not resulted in any change in how the College accounts for its transactions, but does require additional disclosure, which is presented in Note 18. (ii) Section 3031 - Inventories The College adopted the recommendations of CICA Handbook Section 3031. Inventories which provides guidance on the determination of cost of inventories and its subsequent recognition as an expense, and includes additional disclosure requirements. The new Section also requires the College to account for the reversal of write-downs previously recognized when there is a subsequent increase in the value of inventories. This accounting policy, which was adopted prospectively as of April 1, 2008, had no effect on the College’s financial statements. 8 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2009 2. Changes in accounting policy (continued): (b) Future accounting changes: (i) Section 3862 - Financial Instruments - Disclosures Section 3863 - Financial Instruments - Presentation On October 15, 2008 the CICA deferred indefinitely the requirement of not-for-profit Organizations to implement sections 3862 and 3863. Section 3862 requires the disclosure of information about: (a) the significance of financial instruments for the entity’s financial position and performance and (b) the nature and extent of risks arising from the financial instruments to which the College is exposed during the period and at the date of the statement of financial position, and how the College manages those risks. Section 3863 establishes standards for presentation of financial instruments and non-financial derivatives. The College has elected to defer application of these standards and as such continues to follow the disclosure requirements of Section 3861. (ii) Section 4400 - Financial Statement Presentation by Non-For-Profit Organizations In September 2008, the CICA issued amendments to several of the existing sections in the 4400 series - Financial Statement Presentation by Non-For-Profit Organizations. Changes apply to annual financial statements relating to fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 2009. Accordingly, the College will have to adopt the amended standards for its fiscal year beginning April 1, 2009, as applicable. The amendments include a) additional guidance in the applicability of the Section 1100, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; b) removal of the requirement to report separately net assets invested in capital assets; c) requirement to disclose revenues and expenses in accordance with