year ended March 31, 2009, the Foundation provided $863,000 (2008 - $209,000) directly to the College to support various projects, capital initiatives and award funds held by the College. In addition, the Foundation distributed $60,800 (2008 - $78,000) to the College’s students through bursaries/scholarships. The Foundation’s primary goal is to raise funds for the College’s capital initiatives and programs and for student awards. The College provided the Foundation with financial support during the year ended March 31, 2009 of $357,000 (2008- $447,000) for operations and $391,000 (2008 - $793,000) for fundraising projects and expenses. Included in accounts receivable is an amount of $2,900 (2008 - $46,000) receivable from the Foundation. In addition, the Foundation utilized office space owned by the College. The space is provided rent free. (b) Student Association Centre Pursuant to an agreement dated in 2001, the College leases a portion of its facilities to the student body for use as a student centre. The agreement is for a term of 49 years with nominal rental to be paid at $1.00 per year. 18 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2009 16. Guarantees: In the normal course of business, the College enters into agreements that meet the definition of a guarantee. (a) The College has provided indemnities under lease agreements for the use of various operating facilities. Under the terms of these agreements the College agrees to indemnify the counterparties for various items including, but not limited to, all liabilities, loss, suits, and damages arising during, on or after the term of the agreement. The maximum amount of any potential future payment cannot be reasonably estimated. (b) Indemnity has been provided to all directors and or officers of the College for various items including, but not limited to, all costs to settle suits or actions due to association with the College, subject to certain restrictions. The College has purchased directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to mitigate the cost of any potential future suits or actions. The term of the indemnification is not explicitly defined, but is limited to the period over which the indemnified party served as a trustee, director or officer of the College. The maximum amount of any potential future payment cannot be reasonably estimated. (c) In the normal course of business, the College has entered into agreements that include indemnities in favour of third parties, such as student work placement agreements. These indemnification agreements may require the College to compensate counterparties for losses incurred by the counterparties as a result of breaches in representation and regulations or as a result of litigation claims or statutory sanctions that may be suffered by the counterparty as a consequence of the transaction. The terms of these indemnities are not explicitly defined and the maximum amount of any potential reimbursement cannot be reasonably estimated. The nature of these indemnification agreements prevents the College from making a reasonable estimate of the maximum exposure due to the difficulties in assessing the amount of liability which stems from the unpredictability of future