on ambitious professional projects throughout the the company refine its design so that it could be sold to year to participating in industry associations, george Brown green energy consumers. Since then, green Syndication has it’s going to create jobs; it’s going College instructors keep a finger on the pulse of their industry. received orders from as close by as downtown Toronto to These instructors provide students with perspective and currency. as far away as the philippines. The original prototype still to create opportunity.” They keep them abreast of industry changes and support the operates atop the Casa loma campus. development of the skills graduates must acquire to succeed. Edward Wong, George Brown College student researcher for Green Syndications Betty-Jean Reid & Corene Kennedy What happens when you bring together one of Canada’s top intervenors for the deaf-blind and a veteran American Sign language (ASl) interpreter? An ambitious new project that benefits students and the broader community. earlier this year, impact ThRee DevelopMenT oBJeCTiveS Corene & Betty-Jean used their participation in their respective industries to develop a partnership with the Art gallery of Three core areas of focus have been identified for special attention and expansion ontario. Beginning in spring 2011, students from the ASl to ensure george Brown College graduates have the opportunities they need to english interpreter program at george Brown College have make a real impact in their future workplace and on the Toronto workforce. provided interpretation of the gallery’s tours to those who are deaf or hard of hearing. The project – following on the heels of a similar initiative introduced at the Royal ontario Museum in 2010 – benefits not only the gallery and community, but will also be an invaluable real-world learning experience for the Innovation in Teaching Best-in-Class Partnerships Field Education participating students. & Learning Delivery • Each industry partnership will be • 100% of programs will have a Jim Kinney • Programs will have multiple strategic, mutually beneficial and field placement component delivery methods including: multi-faceted • Minimum standards to be Computer graphics students at george Brown College rave - online delivery • Partnerships will be formed embedded into each program about Jim Kinney’s approach to teaching. Far removed from - learning on demand with a broad spectrum of high- the traditional lecture style, Jim uses a series of online social- • Direct contact between students - Compressed delivery performing organizations media tools to engage students on a lateral level, and allow and clients - Connected learning spaces them to learn and work collaboratively to solve problems, over the past year, the committee • Domestic & international options develop new ideas and become innovation literate. • Inspires innovation; transforms leading the charge on this initiative student expectations has made significant gains defining in 2010-11, a series of pilot projects The past 12 months have seen a best-in-class partnership and were launched to test different numerous gains made — from the the standards to which these methods of broadening field launch of seven new online courses partnerships should be held. education to include international Christine Walker