and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. 6 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2008 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (e) Capital assets (continued) (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount. With the exception of artwork which is not amortized, amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the assets' estimated useful lives, which has been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements 40 years Building under capital lease 49 years Leasehold improvements (GBSP) 20 years Equipment 5 years Automotive equipment 5 years Other assets 5 years Equipment under capital lease 3 years Computer equipment 3 years (iii) Assets under capital leases The College leases building and equipment on terms which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the College. These leases have been accounted for as “capital leases” as though an asset had been purchased and a liability incurred. (f) Employee benefits The College recognizes employee future benefits (health, dental, life insurance, sick leave and other retirement obligations) as they are earned during the employee’s tenure of service using the projected benefit method based on management’s best estimate of assumptions. (g) Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenditures during the year. The most significant items subject to management estimation are the allowance for doubtful accounts, accruals for sick leave benefits, employee future benefits and other employment related accruals. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 7 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2008 2. Changes in accounting policy: (a) Current changes On April 1, 2007 the College adopted the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants’ (“CICA’s”) standards on recognition and measurement and presentation of financial instruments. The standards are titled S.3855 - Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement, S.3861 - Financial Instruments Disclosure and Presentation, and S.3865. - Hedges. In addition, S.4400 - Financial Statement Presentation by Not-for-profit Organizations was amended. In accordance with these revised standards, the College on April 1, 2007 has classified its financial instruments as follows: Financial instrument Category Cash Held-for-trading Long Term Investments Held-for-trading Accounts receivable Loans and receivables Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Other liabilities Long Term Liabilities Other Liabilities Held-for-trading items are carried at fair value, with changes in their fair value recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in the current period. “Loans and receivables” are measured at amortized cost using the effective