graduates that is flexible and adaptive leaders, departmental managers, learning delivery to be more flexible and to an ever-evolving workplace. These students and the next cohort of use up-to-date technology. it will provide individuals will be lifelong learners prospective graduates. all students an opportunity to experience with a desire to continually improve The resulting plan focuses on the field learning that can provide real-world themselves, and refine their balance customized needs of an increasingly scenarios and allow them to develop the of technical and soft skills. diverse student body. george Brown skills they need to get the jobs they want. College will do everything in its it will implement educational approaches 14 15 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Six Commitments Form vision 2020: Field education Field learning opportunities are set 64% of programs have a field to become even richer and more education component as of 2011. abundant in the coming years with the ambitious aim of achieving field our 2020 goal: preparing Diverse learners Building a Sustainable ACADeMiC eXCellenCe learning opportunity across 100% of for Job Success Financial Resource Model 100% programs by 2020. These placements At the heart of the college is its will ensure students are exposed to the A commitment to ensure all graduates, A commitment to establish revenue commitment to academic excellence. realities of the workforce so that they regardless of their status, are socially streams that will come from the it will continue to lead george Brown can make direct connections between and technically attuned to the needs of public and private sectors, and College’s core approaches to education, what they learn in class and what is the workplace and prepared to succeed to bolster our capacity to raise regardless of program. The difference expected of them after graduation. there. These graduates will understand funds so that the college will have at george Brown is that this mandate is By 2020 george Brown College will the importance of continually updating the resources necessary to fund not the sole responsibility of academic be recognized for providing students their skills through ongoing training expansion to meet increasing centres that directly deliver curriculum, with rich experiences in a full range and education so that they can make a capacity needs, and continue to but a responsibility of all staff. it’s a of learning environments. While unique contribution to the industries in improve the student environment. charted course of definitive learning classrooms and labs will remain the which they work. objectives and benchmarks that have heart of the college experience, leveraging State-of-the-Art already evolved the college from a additional investment will be made investing in the Creation and Technology centre of learning to a community of to ensure students get the full benefit Stewardship of high-value and educational trailblazers. from the social and extracurricular A promise to offer the most high-performing partnerships opportunities across our campuses, advanced technologies available to As this program of academic excellence the real-world experience that comes An aim to establish and maintain enhance innovation in teaching, takes root over the course of the next