directing that revenue where for additional public support is currently the communities we serve. Whether the college. Whether you’re making perpetuity and used to fund education it’s needed most. To this end, the george outstanding, a substantial amount must it’s the development of new amenities a one-time donation, creating an through its investment income. These Brown College Foundation serves as an still be raised to complete the expansion, and eco-friendly buildings in the east endowment or leaving behind a legacy gifts can be named in honour of living arms-length organization that strengthens including an additional $60 million from Bayfront or providing avenues for through an estate, your contribution or lost loved ones to create a memorial the college’s ability to offer new and the private sector. The george Brown post-secondary education attainment to george Brown College will provide and legacy for them. other options for innovative programs, while supporting College Foundation solicits private sector to disadvantaged youth in Regent a new generation of students with donations include estate planning and student success through scholarships and organizations and individual donors to park, the students, faculty, and support the opportunity to realize a more investment vehicles, which can offer bursaries. support these expansion projects and to staff of george Brown College go far meaningful career and to make a significant tax advantages. its mission is to raise funds for george ensure future students have a learning beyond the frontiers of our campus difference to their sectors and society For more information, contact Brown College that will: environment that inspires innovation to make a meaningful contribution as a whole. fdn@georgebrown.ca. and achievement. to the gTA. over the past six years, • Enable the College to achieve its goal the Community partnerships office Donors can visit www.georgebrown. that no student is denied a george Brown in 2010, our two main campuses and has helped to redefine Toronto’s ca/donate to make a contribution. 12 satellite locations served 24,000 full- College education because of financial communities. Through strategic, time students and 48,000 continuing burden. collaborative initiatives and multi- education learners, including 2,000 • Advance the College’s commitment to international students through sectorial partnerships with more than in 1998, vince Thomson made an initial personal gift of $10,000 to george excellence in teaching, applied learning 150 full-time and 1,600 Continuing 80 agencies, it has served almost and innovation. education courses. 4,000 non-traditional students, helping Brown College in the name of Jean Baptist De la Salle. Today the De la Salle them achieve educational success. it • Enable George Brown College’s programs, has initiated 72 projects that have led Scholarship exceeds $1 million, providing financial assistance to students in the facilities and services to be best-in-class. to improved community health and • Enable George Brown to be a key sustainable employment. it’s all part schools of Community Services and health Sciences. Thomson never thought resource in shaping the future of Toronto. of our collective sense of responsibility his initial gift would make such a significant long-term impact. to society and the city we have called • Help George Brown produce