activities, volunteerism or the practical, experiential learning • Earn a reputation as the college that philanthropy. employers are increasingly demanding. university experience. understands employment in the gTA. Still, others are learners with special This student engagement outside the needs who hold great hope that a classroom adds considerable value Key Performance Indicators, college education is a means to a more to the post-secondary experience. in Colleges Ontario, 2010 meaningful, productive life. fact, research shows it contributes 20 21 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 Paying Back: An expanded Role for partners Graeme Page Doug Turnbull president Chair george Brown george Brown College Foundation College Foundation leTTeR FRoM The each of us benefits from the success of These developments are complemented inveSTing in The FuTuRe 2010 post-secondary enrolment in 2010, 57% of post- george Brown College in an indirect by two new spaces recently acquired FounDATion WoRKFoRCe manner, but employers in the gTA by george Brown College along King secondary students in 2010-11, george Brown College began benefit directly. They are the beneficiaries Street east that will allow us to broaden By 2025, ontario will have a labour were enrolled in colleges a tremendous undertaking. The College of graduates that are prepared to a number of programs including eSl, our shortage of 364,000 skilled workers in set out a new vision to lead us to our goal tackle the challenges of their respective gaming design program and to host one critical industries — jobs that will require compared with 43% of being the post-secondary institute that industries; who will find new efficiencies; of the city’s first digital media incubators. a post-secondary education; yet, only enrolled in universities. understands employment better than who will make their businesses more Almost $150 million has been secured 62% of the current population have any other. To this end, much work will innovative and who will change the very in public funding, and we have an earned a diploma or degree. To meet the Yet universities receive need to be done that goes far beyond the essence of their operations. outstanding request to the provincial and labour and socioeconomic demands of 33% more public learning we provide. Bricks and mortar With employers in mind, the george federal governments to help close the the future, more student spaces will be 57% 43% will need to be laid to create new student Brown College Foundation continues gap. That, together with $60 million the needed. This will place greater pressure funding than colleges. spaces. Scholarship funds will be needed pursuing its $250 million vision to Foundation is committed to raising from on the resources available to ontario’s to attract students to fill those spaces. support expansion of the College. The the private sector, will bring to fruition colleges, which are provided the lowest College university Colleges Ontario, 2011 Environmental Scan With industry partnerships, george Brown next 12 months will see the final touches projects that will have a lasting impact level of public funding per student among College plans to address the anticipated put on a new waterfront campus that on