cost being determined on the first-in first-out basis. Books are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value with cost being determined using the retail inventory method, which approximates average cost. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price less the estimate cost to make the sale. The inventories recognized as expense during the year were $7,845,399 (2008 - $7,600,992). There were no write downs of inventory to net realizable value or reversals of previous write downs to net realizable value during the year. (e) Long-term investments: Long-term investments are comprised of a bond portfolio. (f) Capital assets: (i) Title to land, buildings, furniture and equipment and other capital assets occupied and used by predecessor institutions was transferred to the College at nominal value. If these assets are not used by the College for educational purposes, the Province of Ontario has the right to repurchase the assets at the nominal value. (ii) Purchased capital assets are recorded at cost. Contributed capital assets are recorded at fair value at the date of contribution when fair value is reasonably determinable. Otherwise contributed assets are recorded at a nominal amount with the exception of Artwork which is not amortized. Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which have been determined as follows: Buildings and improvements 40 years Buildings under capital lease 49 years Leasehold improvements (GBSP) 20 years Equipment 5 years Automotive equipment 5 years Equipment under capital lease 3 years Computer equipment 3 years (iii) Assets under capital leases The College leases a building and equipment on terms which transfer substantially all the benefits and risks of ownership to the College. These leases have been accounted for as “capital leases” as though an asset had been purchased and a liability incurred. 7 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2009 1. Significant accounting policies (continued): (g) Employee future benefits The College recognizes employee future benefits (health, dental, life insurance, sick leave and other retirement obligations) as they are earned during the employee’s tenure of service using the projected benefit method based on management’s best estimate of assumptions. (h) Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenditures during the year. The most significant items subject to management estimation are the allowance for doubtful accounts and accruals for sick leave benefits, employee future benefits and other employment related accruals. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 2. Changes in accounting policy: (a) Adoption of accounting policies (i) Section 1535 - Capital Disclosures On April 1, 2008, the College adopted the requirements of the CICA Section 1535 “Capital Disclosures” which requires the disclosure of qualitative and quantitative information that enables users of the financial statements to evaluate the organization’s objectives, policies and processes for managing capital. The adoption