a labour “How Canada Performs: A Report shortage of 364,000 skilled workers years, these new Canadians will make difficulties in english Card on Canada” by 2025ii for jobs in business, dental up 100% of the city’s labour force or French four years growth. nearly half of these newcomers hygiene, nursing, health technologies, are in their prime working years of after their arrival construction management, engineering, green technologies and 25 to 44, but a series of hurdles — in Canada. The innovATion iMpeRATive including language barriers, shortage of a multitude of yet-to-be-established professions. income and a lack of foreign-credential TD Economics, “Report on the Though it boasts the largest workforce recognition — prevents them from in the country, Toronto lags behind Literacy of Immigrants in Canada” in 2010-11, george Brown College filling the knowledge gapiii. other oeCD metropolitan areas when continued to create new space to it comes to innovation. innovation will accommodate the demand for these george Brown College is on a course be the key driver of the city’s economic growing industries, including the to address this gap, developing new performance over the course of the development of a new campus on methods of certification and instruction next decade. industries looking to the city’s waterfront focused on an to help newcomers integrate into the be internationally competitive will inter-professional approach to health- workforce quickly, and increasing the need our graduates to help them sciences and the planning of a digital capacity of its eSl programs by 30% identify new ways of solving problems, media incubator in new space at by expanding the program to a larger implementing new technologies and 333 King Street east. This comes on location at 333 King Street east. increasing efficiencies to enhance the heels of its 2009 completion of a competitiveness. They will need $20 million expansion of the Centre workers who can think creatively, for hospitality and Culinary Arts. work collaboratively and apply problem-solving skills to underlying problems. it’s a proficiency commonly known as “innovation literacy”. Applied Research at george Brown College brings together emerging Toronto businesses, industry x2 professionals and aspiring students to employers were find new ways to build better products twice as likely to and get them to market faster. This year’s projects are already bringing single out george tremendous benefit to local businesses Brown College and the city, including emergency graduates for their response systems in hospitals and the creation of new options for soft skills than any small-scale wind energy — two other college in i Statistics Canada, “projections of the Diversity innovative concepts developed by gTA of the Canadian population,” March 2010 entrepreneurs, and brought to market the gTA. ii Conference Board of Canada, “ontario’s with the assistance of george Brown looming labour Shortages Challenge,” 2007 iii T D economics’ Report on the literacy of College students and faculty. Northstar Research Partners, immigrants in Canada Employer Tracking Research, 2011 8 9 The Job Ahead Annual Report 2010-11 2010-11: A YeAR oF gTA employers gave george ReSeARCh & ReFleCTion Being the bridge between students Brown College graduates the and employers