Page | 1 ​ ANTI-BLACK RACISM PRIMER WHAT IS ANTI-BLACK RACISM? Anti-Black racism is prejudice, attitudes, beliefs, stereotyping and/or discrimination directed at individuals who are Black, and is rooted in their unique history and experience of being treated as property and something to be controlled. Anti-Black racism movements in Canada aim to highlight the intersections of racism and barriers to accessing a number of basic human rights, including education, employment, shelter, and benefits, as well as the violent victimization of Black men, women, and children. The goal of these movements is to raise the voices of Black people so they are included and have seats at tables where decisions are made across institutions, such as policing, education, healthcare, and across government structures. Truly assessing and tackling anti-Black racism means accounting for the lived experiences of Black people across gender, age, class, sexuality, ability, ethnicity, citizenship/immigration status and religion. WHAT DOES ALL OF THIS MEAN FOR GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE? Learning, work and social spaces at the college, including meetings, services, events, and classroom environments, are some of the places where anti-Black victimization and microaggressions may be experienced. LEARN MORE: ANTI-BLACK RACISM RESOURCES ● Black Women in Canada — a report from Behind the Numbers describing the ​ lived experiences of Black women and girls. #BehindTheNumbers ● The Elementary Teachers Federation of Ontario’s Anti-Black Racism Strategy —focused on creating systemic changes to confront anti-Black racism, and providing a more welcoming and inclusive union environment for Black members at provincial and local levels. ● Canadian Human Rights Commission — learn about the commission’s work ​ ​ around racial, ethnic and religious rights. ● Roots and Resistance webinar (2018) — Yamikani Msosa explores the ​ connections between sexual violence, state violence, and healing from collective and individual sexual abuse and trauma for Black survivors. How to be a partner Speaking up is an important part of being a partner to Black, Indigenous, and other racialized persons. The Showing Up for Racial Justice (SURJ) organization is one ​ ​ George Brown College – Resource on Anti-Black Racism June 5, 2020 Page | 2 ​ example of a resource that offers a glossary of terms and information to inform and help you understand and recognize the issues. George Brown College resources ● George Brown College Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy ● Review of George Brown College Truth and Reconciliation and Anti-Racism/Diversity (September 2019) ​ START A CONVERSATION IN YOUR COMMUNITY To bring about relevant, meaningful, and effective change in your community, consider connecting with others and starting a dialogue on the realities of anti-Black racism. Community-led conversations are an effective way to ensure that as many people as possible have meaningful opportunities to share their thoughts and ideas. Using the City of Toronto’s Confronting Anti-Black Racism Initiative – Community ​ Conversation Guide, you can connect with local Black-led organizations and engage ​ local, existing resources to start a meaningful conversation. George Brown College – Resource on Anti-Black Racism June 5, 2020