institutions- a secondary school, college or university- that authorizes studies undertaken in specific programs at one institution to be credited toward specific programs at another institution. Articulation agreements may apply to programs within an institution as well as to external accredited partners at the local, provincial and national level. Block Credits A group of courses taken at one institution which are considered equivalent to a group of courses at another institution. This leads to admission to a semester higher than semester one. Block Transfer Block transfer refers to advanced standing for a group of credits or courses at one institution based on their equivalence to a defined set of course or program learning outcomes at another institution. Block transfer enables direct entry to the second, or higher, semester. Block Transfer does not require course-by-course equivalency assessment. Bridge Semester/Courses Course or set of courses that students take to fill gaps in their learning from one program in order to enter another program, for example from a diploma to a degree program in the same area of study. Students Articulation Agreement Policy articulating into certain programs must successfully complete a bridge semester as a condition of entry into the advanced program pathway. Co-Op NOTE: Definition under review. Co-Op is a commonly used abbreviation for Co-operative Education and are work experiences where students work in an industry related to their program of study. In contrast to field placement, co-op terms are required to be paid placements. Co-op placements may be one term longer than the standard lenth of the program. Credential An official document- certificate, diploma, undergraduate degree or graduate degree- issued by an individual college or university upon completion of all curriculum requirements and fulfilment of all financial obligations to the institution. Credit A unit of value assigned to a course for the purpose of counting the value towards a credential such as a certificate, diploma or degree. The number of credits received by students for a course varies among institutions. At George Brown College, one credit equals one hour of instruction per week. Post-secondary credit is awarded to students who have demonstrated successful completion of a module or unit which represents a portion of an academic credential. In order for this to occur, a student must meet a minimum standard, commonly known as a “pass,” in the assessment process. A higher standard may be required and specified. Credit Transfer Credit transfer is a process of giving recognition for previous academic achievement such as course by course equivalencies, block credit transfer or prior learning assessment and recognition. Curriculum (program of study) Curriculum refers to a defined academic program plan for a course, program, major, specialization or other academic designation. The term curriculum may be used to describe the learning outcomes, course descriptions and content, learning activities, teaching and learning methods, assessment and evaluation. Exemption Credit for courses taken at another accredited institution that are equivalent in level and scope to George Brown College courses. At GBC, course exemptions are used for the evaluation of course to course equivalency. Courses assessed and approved for exemption