program and course content of the sending institution in order to develop the details of the articulated program and to identify program equivalency and transfer credits 4.2. Timeline from the initiation of the articulation agreement to finalizing the agreement which covers - negotiation, program development, transfer credit determination, crafting the Memorandum of Understanding, all final approvals, signature, publication and communication of the articulation and Articulation Agreement Policy transfer credit details and institutional oversight for renewal, revision, termination of the articulation agreement 5. GBC Sending 5.1. Assignment of staff and faculty to provide the partnering institution with the program information, program maps and course outlines required for equivalency review at the receiving institution- consider the timelines set in the letter of intent 5.2. Inclusion of general education/liberal arts course outlines and faculty to ensure maximum transfer credit for GBC students 5.3. Availability of faculty to collaborate with receiving college as needed/specified in the agreement during development, implementation and renewal, review or termination 5.4. Timeline from the initiation of the articulation agreement to finalizing the agreement which covers - negotiation, program development, transfer credit determination, crafting the Memorandum of Understanding, all final approvals, signature, publication and communication of the articulation and transfer credit details and institutional oversight for renewal, revision, termination of the articulation agreement 5.5. Responsibility of the Office of the Registrar in the development of the articulation agreement to identify specific requirements/timelines for sending transcripts/academic records as required for admission of GBC articulating students Articulation Agreement Policy APPENDIX 3, NOTICE OF INTENT TO ARTICULATE NOTE: It is understood that not all details may be available at this point in the development of an articulation agreement. The form should be completed to the extent that information is available. Date: Section A Name of George Brown College Program/Centre/Division: George Brown College Program Contact Information (name, title, email, phone number) Name of Partnering Institution(s) Partnering Institution(s) Program contact (name, title, email, phone number) Section B Objectives of the proposed agreement: Names of articulating programs Pathway Category -: Proposed start date Supporting rationale for the proposed articulation agreement (refer to Business Processes and feasibility check list) List of the potential impact of the proposed articulation agreement on other departments/ programs at George Brown College and how this input will be recognized in the development of the articulation agreement Initial list of resources needed to develop and implement this articulation agreement Submitted by Name and Contact information Signature of Academic Dean Date of Approval to Proceed Articulation Agreement Policy APPENDIX 4, LETTER OF INTENT TEMPLATE Letters of Intent (LOIs) are often signed in advance of a MOU as a means of agreement on general collaboration and primary outcomes. LOIs are less formal than a MOU and give the partners the flexibility to respond quickly by creating a record of commitment to collaborate, but without any financial or legal exposure. LOIs at GBC need approval from the Academic Dean of the Division where the articulation will be housed. The LOI can be relatively easily developed using the information contained in the Notice of Intent to Articulate. Articulation Agreement