in the assessment process. A higher standard may be required and specified. Credit Transfer Credit transfer is a process of giving recognition for previous academic achievement such as course by course equivalencies, block credit transfer or prior learning assessment and recognition. Curriculum (program of study) Curriculum refers to a defined academic program plan for a course, program, major, specialization or other academic designation. The term curriculum may be used to describe the learning outcomes, course descriptions and content, learning activities, teaching and learning methods, assessment and evaluation. Exemption Credit for courses taken at another accredited institution that are equivalent in level and scope to George Brown College courses. At GBC, course exemptions are used for the evaluation of course to course equivalency. Courses assessed and approved for exemption are recorded as EX on the student record. An EX is not included in the GPA calculations. Grade A grade is a measure of a student’s academic performance. It may be expressed as a number (percentage) or letter on a rating scale of unsatisfactory to excellent. Grading policies vary widely among institutions. See Office of the Registrar (OR) Policies for the George Brown College Grading Scheme. Grade Point Average (GPA) A GPA is a measure of a student’s academic achievement at the end of a semester, year, term or program. It is calculated by dividing the sum Articulation Agreement Policy of the grade point values by the sum of the credits. GPA may be calculated by term, program or overall. Letter of Intent A Letter of Intent or LOI can be described as an informal agreement between parties on a specific area or narrow set of areas that does not constitute a legally binding document but instead recognize that collaboration would be of mutual benefit and would serve as an indication of continued interest in joint projects. Memorandum of Understanding A Memorandum of Understanding or MOU is a formal agreement between two or more accredited academic institutions that promotes new program pathways through formal credit recognition of previous learning. ONCAT/ONTransfer.ca Established in 2011, the Ontario Council on Articulation and Transfer (ONCAT) was created to enhance student pathways and reduce barriers for students looking to transfer among Ontario's 44 publicly funded postsecondary institutions. ONCAT maintains the ONTransfer.ca website, an online searchable database which provides students with up-to-date, authoritative information on block credit agreements, and pathways between postsecondary institutions Pathways Pathways describe the academic routes whereby students have the ability to move from one academic credential to another. Placement- Clinical, Field, Industry Placement within a program refers to work experience that is scheduled at a company, agency, institution, business, hospital or other organization related to the program of study . Unlike co-op, placements are not required to be paid positions. Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition (PLAR) PLAR is defined as a systematic process of identification, documentation and recognition of formal and informal skills and knowledge. Recognition of prior learning can be applied as credit toward the course requirements of education and training programs. Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment Board (PEQAB) The Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment Board is