authoritative information on block credit agreements, and pathways between postsecondary institutions Pathways Pathways describe the academic routes whereby students have the ability to move from one academic credential to another. Placement- Clinical, Field, Industry Placement within a program refers to work experience that is scheduled at a company, agency, institution, business, hospital or other organization related to the program of study . Unlike co-op, placements are not required to be paid positions. Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition (PLAR) PLAR is defined as a systematic process of identification, documentation and recognition of formal and informal skills and knowledge. Recognition of prior learning can be applied as credit toward the course requirements of education and training programs. Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment Board (PEQAB) The Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment Board is an arms- length advisory agency that makes recommendations to the Minister of Training, Colleges and Universities of Ontario on applications for ministerial consent. Ministerial consent to offer a degree or part of a degree program is required by all private organizations, either for profit or non-profit, all CAATs, and public institutions based outside of the province. Reach Back Courses The term ‘reach back’ is not used at GBC but may be used at other institutions. Reach back or foundation courses are courses within a Articulation Agreement Policy program which are required to meet graduation requirements. They are determined as a result of program mapping and course equivalency determination during the development of a articulated program pathway. Receiving Institution The institution to which a student intends to transfer credits. In an articulation agreement, the receiving institution grants credit for courses completed at the sending institution. Requirements for Graduation Courses and conditions that must be completed before a credential is awarded, with terms and standards specific to the institution. This includes successful completion of compulsory and optional subjects, general education requirements, residency, and program GPA (academic standing) at a defined minimum level. Residency Residency refers to the minimum amount of time or course requirements that must be completed to earn an academic credential at a college or university. George Brown College post secondary programs require a minimum of 25% of a program of study to be earned at Geroge Brown to meet residency requirements. Continuing Education programs require a minimum of 50%. Semester Semester refers to the level of the program pathway in which a student is registered. Each semester usually falls within a single term. Sending Institution The institution from which a student intends to transfer credits. In an articulation agreement, the receiving institution grants transfer credit for courses completed at the sending institution. Term The calendar date range in which registration exists. Each academic year is divided into three terms- Fall (September-December), Winter (January-April) and Spring ( May to August). Transfer Credits Transfer credits are those resulting from study done elsewhere, which are used to determine individual course exemptions, or entire terms of Advanced Standing toward a George Brown College program. See Exemption. Transferability The degree to which credits can be moved between post-secondary institutions, among colleges and between colleges and universities. POLICY 1.0