to inform all stakeholders of any changes to cuririculum in the articulated pathway as orginally determined in the articulation agreement. 1.5.3 Academic departments will collaborate with partnering institutions to publicize information on new articulation agreements and transfer credit opportunities for potential students on their respective websites and related promotional materials. 2.0 Required Elements 2.1 Notice of Intent to Articulate: The summary of initial consultations, planning and research that is sent to the divisional dean for siged approval to proceed. See Appendix 1, Procedures and Appendix 3. 2.2 Letter of Intent: The informal agreement between the parties that does not constitute a legally binding document but instead recognizes that collaboration would be of mutual benefit and would serve as an indication of continued interest in joint projects. See Appendix 1 Procedures, Step 2 and Appendix 4. 2.3 Memorandum of Understanding: A Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) is the formal agreement between two or more accredited academic institutions that promotes new program pathways through formal credit recognition of previous learning. See Appendix 1, Procedures and Appendix 5. NON-COMPLIANCE IMPLICATIONS This policy provides direction for developing and implementing articulation agreements that comply with related college policy and quality assurance parameters. It is not intended to limit the scope of articulation agreements. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION Appendix 1: Procedures Appendix 2: Feasibility Checklist Appendix 3: Notice of Intent to Articulate Appendix 4: Letter of Intent Template Appendix 5: Memorandum of Understanding Template Articulation Agreement Policy RELATED POLICIES Office of the Registrar Policies on Admissions, Registration and Grades PLAR Policy RELATED MATERIALS Articulation Agreement Policy APPENDIX 1, PROCEDURES Articulation proposals result from discussion and exploration of mutual interest between programs and institutions. The following steps outline the procedures for the development of the Notice of Intent to Articulate, the Letter of Intent, and ultimately, an articulation agreement or similar document, within the framework of George Brown College’s academic and operational policies. The actual process may vary depending on the details of the articulation agreement under development and whether George Brown College is the sending or receiving institution. These steps are intended to support the consistency of process and quality assurance essential to all articulation agreements signed by the College. Step 1 Notice of Intent to Articulate The George Brown College academic department receives from/makes a request to the potential partnering department/school/centre representative and begins discussions on feasibility and willingness to proceed. Appendix 2 contains a useful checklist of feasibility considerations. The Notice of Intent to Articulate (Appendix 3) documents the planning process and is a useful tracking tool for audit purposes. This sets the parameters of the partnership and determines the scope of the articulation and the nature of the more detailed work ahead. The timeframes for these discussions vary considerably based on the nature and needs of the partners. At this step, institutions should: 1.1 Identify names/credentials of the articulating programs 1.2 Determine the type of articulation sought (course to course or block-semester or year; bilateral or multilateral) 1.3 Confirm interests and priorities (the suitability- branding, positioning, future opportunities) of the partnering program/institution(s) 1.4 Conduct initial feasibility review of