related to the terminated agreement. 5.2 Audit Existing Articulation Agreements to Ensure Alignment with College Standards 5.2.1 Office of Academic Excellence will periodically audit existing MOUs for consistency and alignment with College standards. APPENDIX 2, FEASIBILITY CHECKLIST The following list provides an overview of issues or concerns to consider in the development of an articulation agreement. Conditions and terms vary depending on the nature of the articulation agreement and whether George Brown College is the receiving or sending partner. 1. Strategic Considerations 1.1. Purpose /objectives of the proposed articulation agreement 1.2. Alignment to College strategic and academic plans 1.3. Branding and positioning benefits for the College 1.4. New program/program differentiation 1.5. Program enrolment for stability or growth 1.6. Revenue generation Articulation Agreement Policy 1.7. Benefit for students- innovative academic pathways which lead to increased employment opportunities 2. Academic/Program Considerations 2.1. Institutional fit of articulated programs 2.2. Semesters of articulated programs- entry into advanced semesters; additional programming through bridge semester or bridge courses 2.3. Academic integrity – availability of course outlines and program maps if GBC is the sending college 2.4. Academic integrity in course equivalency review and program mapping if GBC is the receiving college 2.5. Qualifications of faculty/instructors of sending/receiving programs for alignment to PEQAB specifications 2.6. Metrics showing performance of articulating program- student satisfaction, employment opportunities, graduation rates 2.7. Additional requirements for transfer student success – resources and requirements for academic advisement and student life for GBC as receiving and at partnering institutions 3. Operational/Logistic Considerations 3.1. Are resources required to support the articulated programs appropriate and current? 3.2. Capacity- enrolment limitations/opportunties in higher semesters. 3.3. Equipment/lab/room availability and capacity, specifically in programs that are lab intensive 3.4. Faculty availability within implementation start date and on-going 3.5. Faculty credentials as determined by the credential to be granted in the articulated agreement 3.6. Cost implications for the articulated program both sending and receiving such as: program launch, staffing, academic advisement, facilities, software, equipment, planning and coordinating meetings, recruitment and promotion 4. GBC Receiving As the receiving institution, GBC determines conditions of articulation and credit transfer including eligibility and admission requirements ( in consultation with the Admissions Office), course equivalency based on delivery, depth and breadth of content, assessment and evaluation, software, facilities, and faculty requirements 4.1. Assignment of staff and faculty to review program and course content of the sending institution in order to develop the details of the articulated program and to identify program equivalency and transfer credits 4.2. Timeline from the initiation of the articulation agreement to finalizing the agreement which covers - negotiation, program development, transfer credit determination, crafting the Memorandum of Understanding, all final approvals, signature, publication and communication of the articulation and Articulation Agreement Policy transfer credit details and institutional oversight for renewal, revision, termination of the articulation agreement 5. GBC Sending 5.1. Assignment of staff and faculty to provide the partnering institution with the program information, program maps and course outlines required for equivalency review at the receiving institution- consider the timelines set in the letter of intent 5.2. Inclusion of general education/liberal arts course