Agreement Policy 1.4.1. George Brown College as the Sending or Receiving Institution George Brown College may act as either the initiator or recipient of a request to create a credit transfer/articulation agreement. Such an agreement would involve either providing students from George Brown College with the opportunity to transfer certain credits to another institution and credential (in which case, George Brown is referred to as the ‘Sending Institution’), or providing students from other institutions an opportunity to transfer certain credits to a program at George Brown College (in which case, George Brown College is referred to as the ‘Receiving Institution’). 1.4.2. George Brown College Academic Departments/Divisions George Brown College academic departments which are named in articulation agreements are accountable for the accuracy of information and the quality of the academic data provided in those agreements. While adhering to college policies, it is the responsibility of the academic departments to: 1.4.2.1 Build the collaborative relationships required in the negotiation of articulation agreements. 1.4.2.2 Ensure academic integrity in the formation of new academic pathways and in the identification of transfer credit courses. 1.4.2.3 Use the steps outlined in Appendix 1, Procedures, as guidelines to build quality assurance into articulation agreements from initial signing to implementation, review, renewal or termination. 1.4.2.4 Inform the Office of the Registrar when Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs)/Articulation Agreements are signed and provide copies of the MOUs for the RO to record and forward to ONCAT. 1.4.2.5 Retain official documentation for the Memorandum of Understanding. 1.4.3. Office of the Registrar 1.4.3.1 The Office of the Registrar is responsible for the administrative maintenance, oversight and tracking of all articulation agreements once they have been offically signed and approved for implementation by the Senior Vice President, Academic. 1.5. Effective Communication to support transparency, accuracy, currency, accessibility and compliance Articulation Agreement Policy 1.5.1 The Office of the Registrar is solely responsible for developing, building and maintaining the database of transfer articulation agreements. This database links to the ONCAT database and the GBC Transfer Guide ensuring synchronization on both sites. 1.5.2 Academic departments are responsible for communicating new articulation agreement opportunities to GBC stakeholders, to ensure that agreements receive marketing support and are posted on college and program websites (excluding the GBC Transfer Guide – see 1.5.1). In addition, it is the responsibility of the academic departments to inform all stakeholders of any changes to cuririculum in the articulated pathway as orginally determined in the articulation agreement. 1.5.3 Academic departments will collaborate with partnering institutions to publicize information on new articulation agreements and transfer credit opportunities for potential students on their respective websites and related promotional materials. 2.0 Required Elements 2.1 Notice of Intent to Articulate: The summary of initial consultations, planning and research that is sent to the divisional dean for siged approval to proceed. See Appendix 1, Procedures and Appendix 3. 2.2 Letter of Intent: The informal agreement between the parties that does not constitute a legally binding document but instead recognizes that collaboration would be of mutual benefit and would serve as an indication of continued interest in joint projects. See Appendix