format suggested here embeds the Information required by ONCAT for posting on the ONtransfer website and transfer guide as well as GBC database management and maintenance of articulation agreements. 1. Header Articulation Agreement/Memorandum of Understanding Full titles of the partnering institutions Branding logos of the partnering institutions 2. Purpose To develop new program pathway(s) between programs through transfer credit Program Category- one to one or one to many Pathway Type- degree completion, credit transfer 3. Pathway Information This section covers the information students and the public will see in their transfer guide search results. Equivalency mapping relating to specific transfer credit courses is summarized here with details provided in an attached appendix. Number of transfer credit courses to be granted at the receiving institution expressed as a proportion of the total number of courses required for completion of the articulation credential. Example 90/120 Time to complete the credential at the receiving institution in full time study Number of semesters to complete the credential at the receiving institution in full time study Credential to be granted on successful completion based on full time study 4. Pathway Eligibility/Admission Requirements Criteria from the sending institution Successful completion of articulating credential Minimum GPA requirements Minimum GPA in required courses Articulation Agreement Policy Other eligibility criteria specific to the MOU Criteria from the receiving institution Name and type of new credential as per PEQAB standards Program discipline (area of study) Program of study (credits required) at the receiving institution and all of the details pertaining to these credits. This information is generally summarized in the body of the MOU and covered in detail in an attached appendix. 5. Implementation, maintenance and review Processes Entry semester Cohort eligibility/restrictions Process for curriculum changes and review Process for cancellation or termination 6. Publication/Communication Processes Posting on respective websites- ONtransfer.ca, partnering institutions Collaborative marketing and promotion of the articulation agreement to potential students 7. Effective Dates Implementation Date- when articulated program pathway accepts transfer credit applications Duration of the agreement Expiration/Termination Date Review Dates Timeline requirements for termination or substabtive curriculum changes Date of MOU Signing 8. Official Signators Designated authorities of the partnering institutions