Offered Through the Memorandum of Understanding to Stakeholders 4.1.1 The collaborating partners agree to publicize the Articulation Agreement and the transfer credits available on their respective websites and related marketing materials for the purpose of promoting this agreement to potential students 4.1.2 The Office of the Registrar is reponsible for communicating details of signed articulation agreements to ONCAT for publication on the ONtransfer.ca website Transfer Guide. 4.1.3 The Office of the Registrar in collaboration with the academic departments and marketing is responsible for posting articulation agreements on the GBC website. Step 5 Maintenance and Quality Assurance 5.1 Apply Approved Business Processes to the Review, Renewal, and/or Termination of Articulation Agreements Articulation agreements typically expire or require renewal 4 to 5 years after initial signing. The Office of the Registrar maintains the primary registry of all articulation agreements in compliance with College policy and ONCAT requirements. As the provider of oversight, the Office of the Registrar gives advance notice to the academic departments when an agreement is about to expire (lead time to be set by the Office of the Articulation Agreement Policy Registrar). It is the responsibility of the academic departments to review articulation agreements at expiry or renewal dates giving consideration to: 5.1.1 Collaboration with the partner institution(s) to 1) review current programming and transfer credits considering any proposed changes in content or delivery 2) evaluate the level of student interest/enrolment in the pathways outlined in the articulation agreement 3) decide on renewal, revision or termination and proceed according to the processes applicable to articulation agreements. 5.1.2 Where articulations have specific clauses describing annual or other periodic collaborative reviews, it is the responsibility of the academic department to contact and work with the partner and to advise the Office of the Registrar of any substantive changes to the articulation agreement. The Office of the Registrar forwards changes as required to ONCAT. 5.1.3 At renewal, the George Brown College academic department and the partnering institution review, revise, date and sign the articulation agreement as appropriate. 5.1.4 The Office of the Registrar stores the renewal in the College file and forwards it to ONCAT for posting on ONtransfer.ca and appropriate College sites. 5.1.5 In case of termination, the Office of the Registrar informs ONCAT of termination and requisite removal of transfer credit and other information related to the terminated agreement. 5.2 Audit Existing Articulation Agreements to Ensure Alignment with College Standards 5.2.1 Office of Academic Excellence will periodically audit existing MOUs for consistency and alignment with College standards. APPENDIX 2, FEASIBILITY CHECKLIST The following list provides an overview of issues or concerns to consider in the development of an articulation agreement. Conditions and terms vary depending on the nature of the articulation agreement and whether George Brown College is the receiving or sending partner. 1. Strategic Considerations 1.1. Purpose /objectives of the proposed articulation agreement 1.2. Alignment to College strategic and academic plans 1.3. Branding and positioning benefits for the College 1.4. New program/program differentiation 1.5. Program enrolment for stability or growth 1.6. Revenue generation Articulation Agreement Policy 1.7. Benefit for students- innovative