Initial list of resources needed to develop and implement this articulation agreement Submitted by Name and Contact information Signature of Academic Dean Date of Approval to Proceed Articulation Agreement Policy APPENDIX 4, LETTER OF INTENT TEMPLATE Letters of Intent (LOIs) are often signed in advance of a MOU as a means of agreement on general collaboration and primary outcomes. LOIs are less formal than a MOU and give the partners the flexibility to respond quickly by creating a record of commitment to collaborate, but without any financial or legal exposure. LOIs at GBC need approval from the Academic Dean of the Division where the articulation will be housed. The LOI can be relatively easily developed using the information contained in the Notice of Intent to Articulate. Articulation Agreement Policy Template - Letter of Intent GBC Logo Logo of Partnering Institution Letter of Intent Between The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology Faculty /School/ Centre And Partnering Institution Faculty/School/Centre The Parties The parties to this letter of intent are: a) GBC Faculty/Division/Centre/School b) Partnering institution(s) Add in details of the partnering academic institution(s) undertaking the agreement and give contact details for the faculty/school for each Terms of the Agreement GBC and Partnering institution(s) wishing to establish collaborative academic partnership in areas of mutual interest, agree as follows: Add in general terms of the agreement • Names and departments of programs under consideration • Type of articulation proposed • Pathway credential granted Effective Dates This Agreement of Intent shall remain in force for a period of _________years from the date of the last signature, with the understanding that it may be terminated by the appropriate authorities of either party upon giving ________________months’ notice to the other party in writing; unless an earlier termination date is agreed upon. This Agreement of Intent may be amended or extended by mutual consent of the two (or more) parties. Approval Signed on behalf of George Brown College Signed on Behalf of Partnering Institution Academic Dean Designate of Partnering Institution Articulation Agreement Policy Date Date APPENDIX 5, MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING TEMPLATE The following is a sample listing of the information required in a Memorandum of Understanding or Articulation Agreement. Section titles vary between agreements but the information detailed under each speaks to the steps outlined in Appendix 1. The format suggested here embeds the Information required by ONCAT for posting on the ONtransfer website and transfer guide as well as GBC database management and maintenance of articulation agreements. 1. Header Articulation Agreement/Memorandum of Understanding Full titles of the partnering institutions Branding logos of the partnering institutions 2. Purpose To develop new program pathway(s) between programs through transfer credit Program Category- one to one or one to many Pathway Type- degree completion, credit transfer 3. Pathway Information This section covers the information students and the public will see in their transfer guide search results. Equivalency mapping relating to specific transfer credit courses is summarized here with details provided in an attached appendix. Number of transfer credit courses to be granted at the receiving institution expressed as a proportion