of the program pathway in which a student is registered. Each semester usually falls within a single term. Sending Institution The institution from which a student intends to transfer credits. In an articulation agreement, the receiving institution grants transfer credit for courses completed at the sending institution. Term The calendar date range in which registration exists. Each academic year is divided into three terms- Fall (September-December), Winter (January-April) and Spring ( May to August). Transfer Credits Transfer credits are those resulting from study done elsewhere, which are used to determine individual course exemptions, or entire terms of Advanced Standing toward a George Brown College program. See Exemption. Transferability The degree to which credits can be moved between post-secondary institutions, among colleges and between colleges and universities. POLICY 1.0 General Principles 1.1. Commitment to program pathways and collaboration between institutions through transfer credit Articulation Agreement Policy 1.1.1. George Brown College is committed to the building of partnerships and collaboration between its own programs and with accredited secondary and post secondary institutions to develop and enhance new program pathways for students through transfer credit. 1.1.2. George Brown College reserves the right to maintain its autonomy in the development and delivery of its programs while acknowledging the institutional differences in the academic policies and procedures of partnering organizations in developing and implementing transfer credit agreements. 1.2. Quality Assurance 1.2.1. Consistency of process in articulation agreement development is maintained through alignment to George Brown College policies and compliance with provincial organizations such the Ontario Council on Articulation and Transfer (ONCAT) and the Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment Board (PEQAB). 1.2.2. Academic integrity is ensured through transfer credit evaluation and equivalency determination by program experts. 1.2.3. Consultation and collaboration with departments impacted by articulation agreements during the development process ensur that institutional capacity and academic advisement are in place to support transfer student success. 1.3. Clarity in Implementation, Maintenance and Review Processes Articulation agreements are developed using transparent and approved business processes and templates that provide: 1.3.1. Consistency in support of administrative management, oversight and quality assurance. 1.3.2. Defined steps, roles and accountabilities in the development of articulation agreements. 1.3.3. Academic departmental accountability in renewal, review, revision, evaluation and appropriate distribution of agreements. 1.4. Clearly defined roles and responsibilities of Articulating Partners Articulation agreements specify accountabilty and role definition: Articulation Agreement Policy 1.4.1. George Brown College as the Sending or Receiving Institution George Brown College may act as either the initiator or recipient of a request to create a credit transfer/articulation agreement. Such an agreement would involve either providing students from George Brown College with the opportunity to transfer certain credits to another institution and credential (in which case, George Brown is referred to as the ‘Sending Institution’), or providing students from other institutions an opportunity to transfer certain credits to a program at George Brown College (in which case, George Brown College is referred to as the ‘Receiving Institution’). 1.4.2. George Brown College Academic Departments/Divisions George Brown College academic departments which are named in articulation agreements are accountable for the accuracy of information and the quality of