AND COMPENSATED ABSENCES (continued) Retirement benefits CAAT Pension Plan Substantially all of the College’s employees are members of the Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Pension plan (the “Plan”), which is a multi-employer jointly sponsored defined benefit plan for eligible employees of public colleges and related employers in Ontario. The College makes contributions to the Plan equal to those of the employees. Contributions rates are set by the Plan’s governors to ensure the long term viability of the Plan. Any pension surplus or deficit is a joint responsibility of the members and employers and may affect future contribution rates. The College does not recognize any share of the Plan’s pension surplus or deficit as insufficient information is available to identify the College’s share of the underlying pension assets and liabilities. The most recent actuarial valuation filled with pension regulators as at January 1, 2014 indicated an actuarial surplus of $525 million, The College made contributions to the Plan and its associated retirement compensation arrangement of $14,605,000 (2013 ­ $13,129,000) which has been included in the statement of operations. Post-employment benefits The College extends post employment life insurance, health and dental benefits to certain employee groups subsequent to their retirement. The College recognizes these benefits as they are earned during the employees’ tenure of service. The College also provide continuation of medical and dental benefits to certain employee groups while receiving long-term disability benefits. The related benefit liability was determined by an actuarial valuation study commissioned by the College Employer Council. The major actuarial assumptions employed for the valuation are as follows: (a) Discount rate The present value of employee future benefits as at March 31, 2014 was determined using a discount rate of 2.70% (2013 – 2.10%). (b) Hospital and other medical Hospital and other medical costs were assumed to increase at 4.00% per annum (2013 – 4.00%). Medical premium increases were assumed to increase at 7.50% per annum in 2014 and decrease proportionately thereafter to an ultimate rate of 4.00% in 2034. (c) Drug costs Drug costs increases were assumed to increase at a 9% per annum in 2014 and decrease proportionately thereafter to an ultimate rate of 4.00% in 2034. 15 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2014 7. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS AND COMPENSATED ABSENCES (continued) (d) Dental costs Dental costs were assumed to increase at 4.00% per annum (2013 – 4.00%). Compensated absences Vesting Sick Leave The College has provided for vesting sick leave benefits during the year. Eligible employees, after 10 years of service, are entitled to receive 50% of their accumulated sick leave credit on termination or retirement to a maximum of 6 months’ salary. The program to accumulate sick leave credits ceased for employees hired after March 31, 1991. The related benefit liability was determined by an actuarial valuation study commissioned by the College Employer Council. Non-Vesting Sick Leave The College allocates to certain employee groups a specified number of days each year for use as paid absences in the event of illness or injury. These