he is legally bound to report these suspicions immediately to the Children’s Aid Society. The supervisor should be informed of the report as soon as possible. If the Staff person suspected of abuse is the supervisor, then the concerns are to be directed to the Director of the School of Early Childhood Education Development. 2. The accuser will document all the relevant information as outlined under “What to Report”, and follow the reporting policies. The supervisor will NOT inform the suspected person of the accusation until a Children’s Aid worker has been consulted. 3. The supervisor or Director of the ECED Department will notify Toronto Children’s Services within 24 hours of the occurrence. If the suspected abuse occurred while the child was in the centre, a Preliminary Inquiry Report will be submitted to the Toronto Children’s Services within 5 working days. 4. The supervisor will immediately notify the Chair if the ECED Department who in consultation with the supervisor, Children’s Aid Society, Human Resources and legal counsel will determine what action, if any, will be taken with respect to the suspected person’s job responsibilities while an investigation is being carried out. 5. The Manager will meet with the suspected person to discuss any procedures for a change in duties and responsibilities. It is recommended that a union steward be present. The supervisor will follow-up with a written confirmation of any decisions and the reasons 6 for such a copy, which is to be given to the suspected person, and a copy retained on file in a second envelop. 6. If the suspicion of child abuse is confirmed, action regarding discipline and dismissal will be carried out according to the procedures outlined in the collective agreement. CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO OTHERS Any information related to a suspicion or report of child abuse is confidential between the person directly involved, the person making the report and the Children’s Aid Society. The supervisor, in consultation with the Children’s Aid Society, will give direction regarding the appropriate sharing of information with Staff/ students/ volunteers / Director of ECED / Human Resources GBC. Discussing any information with others outside the designated individuals related to a situation of suspected child abuse is a breach of confidentiality. In a case where a child has been apprehended by the Children’s Aid Society, the supervisor will speak to a worker to determine whether or not the child will return to the centre as scheduled. The supervisor will advise the Staff, and determine the best way to explain the child’s situation to the other children. This will be done in such a way as to balance the child’s / family’s right to confidentiality with the concerns of others in the centre. In a case where a Staff / student / volunteer is under investigation or charges with child abuse, the supervisor and Director ECED will consult with the child protection agency and the police. In tandem they will develop and document strategy including: • When others (families / other Staff etc. will be informed)! • Who will inform them? •