possible. If you have more information or further concerns after the first call was made, you must phone the child protection worker again. WHAT TO REPORT TO CHILDREN’S AID SOCIETY: The person making a report of suspected child abuse to a Children’s Aid Society may not have access to all of the information listed below. If this is the case, DO NOT conduct an investigation to search it out. It is imperative that the Staff/ student/ volunteer report the information to a Children’s Aid Society in making a report of child abuse. INFORMATION ABOUT THE CHILD (REN) • Identifying information (e.g. Name and address of child, primary caregiver, the child’s religion). • Current whereabouts of the child / family • Present physical and / or emotional condition of the child • Any special vulnerabilities, medical conditions, communication issues • The name of the centre attended CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH PROMPTED THE REPORT: • What was it that led to the report being made today? • What are the sources of the information for the report? • What are the details regarding concerns, or the incidents which precipitated making the report today? • Do you know of any other relevant incidents or have any other information? • What actions, if any have you taken prior to reporting the matter to the Children’s Aid Society? Information about the child’s family and the alleged offender: • Families: name date of birth address (e.g.), telephone numbers, places of work • Alleged Offender: name date of birth address (e.g.), telephone numbers, places of work. If not the parent the relationship to the child. • If alleged offender is unknown, the suspected abuse must be made known • Does the alleged offender have access to the child, siblings or other children? • What is the parent’s awareness of admission / reaction to the suspected abuse and the child’s disclosure? • What is the language spoken by the families and the alleged offender? • Are there any cultural considerations? • The names of the child’s physician(s) 4 • Any concerns for family members with respect to mental health, physical illness, substance abuse, weapons and / or violence! • Names and addresses of extended family members and others who could be supportive to the child and the family OTHER INFORMATION: • Who else has direct knowledge of the incident being reported? • Who else may have observed the child or other incidents? • Who else knows this family well? • What other professionals or agencies may be involved with the child and family? DISCUSSING THE SITUATION WITH A PARENT / CAREGIVER Consult with Children’s Aid Society before discussing any suspicions of child abuse with a parent / caregiver, as such action could jeopardize the child and or contaminate the investigation. Consultation with a child protection worker is particularly important in the following circumstances: • Sexual abuse is suspected • The alleged abuser is a member is the child’s immediate family • There is a chance the family will respond by immediately withdrawing the child from the centre, or not be available for