the Director of the ECED Department as soon as possible after the report has been made to the Children’s Aid Society. Making a Report of Suspected Child Abuse: Suspicions of child abuse must be reported “forthwith”) i.e. immediately) to the appropriate reporting agency (listed below). If the child’s religious affiliation is known, the report can be made directly to the society of the appropriate religious affiliation. • Children’s Aid Society 416-924-4646 • Catholic Children’s Aid Society 416-395-1500/ afterhours 416-690- 1399 • Jewish Family and Child Service 416-638-7800 • Native Child and Family Services 416- 969 8510 They will advise if the Toronto Police should be notified If the child’s religious affiliation is not known, or is neither Catholic nor Jewish the report can be made to the Children’s Aid Society. During regular business hours, a person making a report will be directed to a Child protection worker, who will take the information. Be sure to speak to a worker directly. DO NOT leave the information on a message service. Calls can be made after regular business hours. You will likely be required to leave a message and a return phone number with an answering machine service. Indicate if your call is urgent. You will then need to wait for a return call from an afterhour’s protection worker. Document the name of the worker taking the repot as well as any instructions she / he gave you. Remember you have not officially made the report until you speak with a child protection worker directly. 3 Documentation: Document only the facts DO NOT include how you are feeling about the incident, or personal thoughts about what might have happened. (See appendix 1 How to Document indicators of Child Abuse). This form will be completed every time a Staff/ student/ volunteer has reason to suspect that child abuse has occurred or is likely to occur. In the process of monitoring a child suspected to be at risk for child abuse, the Suspected Child Abuse Reporting form will be completed each and every time there is a concern. When a supervisor is informed by a Staff/ student/ volunteer that he / she is reporting suspected child abuse, the supervisor will provide help and support, including providing the Staff person with time to document the incident as soon as possible. If you have more information or further concerns after the first call was made, you must phone the child protection worker again. WHAT TO REPORT TO CHILDREN’S AID SOCIETY: The person making a report of suspected child abuse to a Children’s Aid Society may not have access to all of the information listed below. If this is the case, DO NOT conduct an investigation to search it out. It is imperative that the Staff/ student/ volunteer report the information to a Children’s Aid Society in making a report of child abuse. INFORMATION ABOUT THE CHILD (REN) • Identifying information (e.g. Name and address of child, primary caregiver, the child’s religion). • Current whereabouts of the child / family • Present physical and / or emotional condition of