Aid Society, the supervisor will speak to a worker to determine whether or not the child will return to the centre as scheduled. The supervisor will advise the Staff, and determine the best way to explain the child’s situation to the other children. This will be done in such a way as to balance the child’s / family’s right to confidentiality with the concerns of others in the centre. In a case where a Staff / student / volunteer is under investigation or charges with child abuse, the supervisor and Director ECED will consult with the child protection agency and the police. In tandem they will develop and document strategy including: • When others (families / other Staff etc. will be informed)! • Who will inform them? • How and what will be shared! 7 APPENDIX 1 HOW TO DOCUMENT INDICATORS OF CHILD ABUSE When documenting any indicators of child abuse remember to: • Record the information as soon as possible, including dates and times • Document the facts without personal judgments, opinions, conclusions, medical or emotional diagnosis • Give a clear description of the situation, what was actually seen or heard and NOT what you think might be happening • Include what you did or said and why • Record the words used by a child / parent, even if they are “slang” (especially terms for body parts or sexual behavior) • Include anything that someone else has said that might be important • Describe the size, colour, shape of any injury (for example, bruises, marks, burns) • Hand write your own documentation in your own words, using pen • Cross out and initial any mistakes and continue documenting- DO NOT use white out • Document suspicions of abuse in a separate record • Make sure the entry is complete, then sign and date it • Start a new entry if, at a later date there is new information or further suspicions of abuse. ** Your first recording of the facts is your documentation – do NOT make a rough copy and then write over it in good, and do NOT go back and change any of you original notes. Revised: July 2017 8