direct knowledge of the incident being reported? • Who else may have observed the child or other incidents? • Who else knows this family well? • What other professionals or agencies may be involved with the child and family? DISCUSSING THE SITUATION WITH A PARENT / CAREGIVER Consult with Children’s Aid Society before discussing any suspicions of child abuse with a parent / caregiver, as such action could jeopardize the child and or contaminate the investigation. Consultation with a child protection worker is particularly important in the following circumstances: • Sexual abuse is suspected • The alleged abuser is a member is the child’s immediate family • There is a chance the family will respond by immediately withdrawing the child from the centre, or not be available for further investigation OR • There is a chance the child will be further abused In situations where the cause id the child’s injuries, the nature id the child’s disclosure, or the behavior observed are not clear the Staff may find it necessary to obtain clarification. Consult with a Children’s Aid Society worker to discuss the appropriateness id clarifying a situation and to obtain direction. It is appropriate to clarify any information; this should be done in a non- threatening casual way. For example, asking a child, “How did you get that bruise?”, or asking a parent, Sharon said, ‘that you are going on a trip.” Where to? 1. Use an interested and concerned tone of voice 2. Avoid questions or statements 3. Ask what happened, how it happened, avoid why questions 4. Ask open-ended questions If someone other than the parent / caregiver is the alleged abuser, consult with the Children’s Aid Society as to who should notify the child’s parent/ caregiver. If it is decided that it is appropriate for the Staff person and or supervisor to inform the parent (s) of the report, emphasize to the parent both the concern for the child and the legal obligation to report suspicions of child abuse. WHEN THE CHILDREN’S AID SOCIETY / POLICE CONDUCT AN INVESTIGATION IN THE CENTRE When suspected child abuse is reported under Section 72 of the Child and Family Services Act the investigative team may request permission from George Brown College to interview a child on the premises. All efforts will be made by the Staff to cooperate with the police / child protection worker in order that the investigation causes the least disruption to the day to day operations of the centre. If the investigative team’s request to interview the child at the centre us refused by the Supervisor/ Director of the ECED department for any reason, the Child Protection worker may apprehend the child (with or without a warrant ) and remove the child from the centre. 5 It is anticipated that those Staff involved will know who will conduct the investigation and the estimated time of arrival and the supervisor will arrange for an appropriate private location for the interview to be conducted. The police / child protection worker may determine that it would be in the best