by the Staff to cooperate with the police / child protection worker in order that the investigation causes the least disruption to the day to day operations of the centre. If the investigative team’s request to interview the child at the centre us refused by the Supervisor/ Director of the ECED department for any reason, the Child Protection worker may apprehend the child (with or without a warrant ) and remove the child from the centre. 5 It is anticipated that those Staff involved will know who will conduct the investigation and the estimated time of arrival and the supervisor will arrange for an appropriate private location for the interview to be conducted. The police / child protection worker may determine that it would be in the best interests of the child to conduct an interview without prior knowledge of, and without the child’s parent(s) present. All Staff involved must respect this decision, and not speak with the parent(s) until further notice. The supervisor will prearrange with the investigative team, if a support person from the centre can be present when a child is being interviewed. Any support person who agrees to attend the interview will be reminded by the supervisor, that he/ she may be required to attend and testify in court proceedings related to the case. FURTHER CONSULTATION WITH CHILDREN’S AID SOCIETY Further contact with a Children’s Aid Society may be initiated by a supervisor Staff/ student/ volunteer in any of the following circumstances: • A worker has not responded to the individual’s initial call / message • The individual believes that the concerns reported on behalf of the child have not been fully understood by the worker, and a second opinion from a supervisor at the Children’s Aid Society is desired • Any further suspicions of abuse occur • Changes in the family situation or that of the alleged abuser are discovered and • The child does not return to the centre when expected The supervisor will be notified if a Staff/ student/ volunteer re contacts the Children’s Aid Society. IF A STAFF / STUDENT/ VOLUNTEER IS SUSPECTED OF CHILD ABUSE 1. As with any situation of suspected abuse, if a Staff/ student/ volunteer / parent (i.e. the accuser) suspects another caregiver in the centre of abusing a child(ren), she / he is legally bound to report these suspicions immediately to the Children’s Aid Society. The supervisor should be informed of the report as soon as possible. If the Staff person suspected of abuse is the supervisor, then the concerns are to be directed to the Director of the School of Early Childhood Education Development. 2. The accuser will document all the relevant information as outlined under “What to Report”, and follow the reporting policies. The supervisor will NOT inform the suspected person of the accusation until a Children’s Aid worker has been consulted. 3. The supervisor or Director of the ECED Department will notify Toronto Children’s Services within 24 hours of the occurrence. If the suspected abuse occurred while the child was in the centre, a Preliminary Inquiry