The only exception to this is lawyer / client privilege (C.F.S.A. 72 (8)). Protection from Liability: All persons making a report of suspected child abuse are protected against civil action, unless that person is proven to have acted “….maliciously or without reasonable grounds for the belief or suspicion ….” (C.F.S.A.) 15 (6)). Child Care and Early Years Act: Child Care and Early Years Act require behavior guidance policies and procedures are in place, which can be found in the Policy Manual. It is also a requirement under legislation that a Staff person is suspected of abusing a child. A Serious Occurrence report will be submitted within 24 hours to the Ministry of Education. 2 REPORTING PROCEDURES: Making the Decision to Report: Information supporting a suspicion will vary from case to case and making the decision to report will be based on: • Observation of the child’s behavior and other indicators of child abuse • The child’s disclosure, whether purposeful or accidental • Other information available to the Staff, and • Consultation with others 1. Any Staff / student / volunteer who suspects that a child may have been or is at risk of abuse must immediately call Children’s Aid Society to report and cannot ask anyone else to report for him / her. 2. If there are any concerns or doubts regarding making a report of suspected abuse, the Staff / student / volunteer consults with a worker form the Children’s Aid Society. You must not discuss your suspicions with anyone else until you have consulted with a child protection worker. 3. It is the responsibility of the person who suspects child abuse to follow through on the report to a Children’s Aid Society. It is not sufficient to leave a message with the Children’s Aid Society. You must talk to intake secretary or worker to make a report. 4. The Staff / student who suspects, informs the supervisor of his/ her intent to call Children’s Aid Society. Do not discuss your suspicions with anyone including your supervisor, until you have consulted with a child protection worker. The supervisor should provide support. However, even if she / he do not want you to make the call, you must follow through on your legal responsibility and call the Children’s Aid Society. The supervisor with inform the Director of the ECED Department as soon as possible after the report has been made to the Children’s Aid Society. Making a Report of Suspected Child Abuse: Suspicions of child abuse must be reported “forthwith”) i.e. immediately) to the appropriate reporting agency (listed below). If the child’s religious affiliation is known, the report can be made directly to the society of the appropriate religious affiliation. • Children’s Aid Society 416-924-4646 • Catholic Children’s Aid Society 416-395-1500/ afterhours 416-690- 1399 • Jewish Family and Child Service 416-638-7800 • Native Child and Family Services 416- 969 8510 They will advise if the Toronto Police should be notified If the child’s religious affiliation is not known, or is neither Catholic nor Jewish the report can be made to the Children’s