Code of Conduct and Conflict Resolution Policy Declaration George Brown Childcare Centres are “FRIENDLY ZONES” in which all families, staff and other stakeholders (E.g. students, volunteers) collectively agree to communicate and act in a manner that emphasizes mutual respect, fairness and equality. Individual needs and differences are recognized as being part of the collective process, and all stakeholders are required to seek out clear and reasonable ways of addressing concerns. George Brown College Childcare Centres will not tolerate incidents of expressed bias, discrimination, prejudice or harassment. George Brown College Childcare Centres will act to eliminate all forms of discrimination and bias on the part of Staff, students, children and families using the centre. Individuals are expected to abide by the Code of Conduct and verbal, physical and gestural aggressions are not permitted on the premises. Process The policy is included in the family package, staff, student and volunteer policy sign off and all are required to sign a Code of Conduct Agreement and to familiarize themselves with the terms of the agreement. The Childcare Centre Manager is available to answer questions and to act as a liaison between parties that are experiencing conflict or issues pertaining to Code of Conduct. George Brown College maintains the right to have final input with regard to decisions for those stakeholders who fail to abide by the Code of Conduct. DEFINITIONS: SAFE BEHAVIOUR: any behaviour or series of behaviours that is conducive to the safety of all children and adults in the centre VERBAL AGGRESSION: highly inappropriate language and/ or methods of communication that makes another person feel threatened or out of control with the situation PHYSICAL AGGRESSION: any act taken to deliberately inflict physical hurt or injury upon another person or him / herself GESTURAL AGGRESSION: highly inappropriate gestures, body language or invasion of another person’s physical space causing the other person to feel threatened or out of control with the situation SOCIAL MEDIA: For the protection of everyone, we ask that there be no social media interactions between Staff, families and students. Some examples of Social Media Outlets: include Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Skyping. This is implemented because these are personal outlets and are not professionally appropriate forms of communication between families and Staff. If you do have information you would like to share please feel free to exchange your email address and communicate that way! LEAVING THE PREMISES/CHILDCARE CENTRE WITHOUT CONSENT: deliberate actions taken by child to leave the childcare or supervision of the childcare centre’s Staff without permission UNSAFE WALKS: any behavior that jeopardizes the safety of the children or Staff on a walk between the childcare centre or on outings. 1 EXPRESSION OF BIAS OR DISCRIMINATION: incidents may be intentional or can take verbal, written, non-verbal or physical form. They may be subtle or passive, or they can be overt. Avoidance, rude behaviour, stereotyping, name-calling, jokes, graffiti, insults, threats or intimidation are typical expressions of bias and discrimination. PROCEDURES: AVENUES TO ADDRESS CONCERNS: 1. Directly with the person (s) involved 2. Contact the Childcare Centre Manager 3. Contact the Director of