free to exchange your email address and communicate that way! LEAVING THE PREMISES/CHILDCARE CENTRE WITHOUT CONSENT: deliberate actions taken by child to leave the childcare or supervision of the childcare centre’s Staff without permission UNSAFE WALKS: any behavior that jeopardizes the safety of the children or Staff on a walk between the childcare centre or on outings. 1 EXPRESSION OF BIAS OR DISCRIMINATION: incidents may be intentional or can take verbal, written, non-verbal or physical form. They may be subtle or passive, or they can be overt. Avoidance, rude behaviour, stereotyping, name-calling, jokes, graffiti, insults, threats or intimidation are typical expressions of bias and discrimination. PROCEDURES: AVENUES TO ADDRESS CONCERNS: 1. Directly with the person (s) involved 2. Contact the Childcare Centre Manager 3. Contact the Director of Early Childhood Development, George Brown College TERMS: All stakeholders agree to: - Support a friendly and supportive environment - Strive to ensure positive communications during interactions - Follow the recommended procedures for addressing concerns - Participate in all meetings and allow careful documentation of these meetings - Abide by the final decision of the College If any stakeholders fail to abide by the Code of Conduct the following procedure will apply: 1. The concern and inappropriate behavior will be documented and presented to the Manager. 2. The Manager will set up an initial meeting as required with the parties concerned, to gather more information and to determine if the Code of Conduct was violated. 3. The Manager will convey this information in written form to the concerned parties, so that a decision can be made as to how to deal with the problem. 4. The Manager, in consultation with the Director of The School of Early Childhood, has the right to do any of the following: Issue a warning, institute probationary period or revoke the membership of any member of the stakeholder group. Revised: July 2017 2