George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines Complaints Regarding Advertising or Marketing A.1 Complaints Regarding Advertising or Marketing Purpose This section sets out the College’s policies and processes for receiving and reviewing complaints regarding advertising and marketing of the College’s programs. Scope These policies apply to all College advertising and marketing of College programs. Background/Context In July 2009, the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities issued a revised Framework for Programs of Instruction Binding Policy Directive that included guidance on advertising and marketing by colleges. The Directive requires colleges to exhibit integrity in advertising and recruitment and to follow advertising guidelines contained in the Directive, including accountability measures. Advertising and Marketing Complaints Process Policy: A.1.1 The Director, Marketing and Recruitment will review and report on all public complaints within two weeks. Procedure: Complaint Process 1. Individuals submit complaints about George Brown College advertising or marketing in writing to: Director, Marketing and Recruitment Marketing and Communications George Brown College P.O. Box 1015, Station B Toronto, Ontario M5T 2T9 2. Complainant includes the following information in the submission: o Complainant’s name, complete mailing address, phone number and email address o Explanation of the reason or basis for the complaint o Whether the ad or other communications referred to George Brown College specifically or one of its academic centres, schools or programs, product or service being advertised (if one of the latter, which centre, school or program). Last Modified: August 2010 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines Complaints Regarding Advertising or Marketing o The medium in which the advertisement appeared (e.g. television, radio, internet). 3. For print advertisements, complainant provides the name and date of the publication in which he/she saw the advertisement(s) and includes a copy of the advertisement(s). 4. For out-of-home advertisements, such as outdoor, transit or similar advertisements, complainant identifies the exact location at which of the advertisement and the date the advertisement was seen. 5. For broadcast advertisements, complainant identifies the station on which the commercial was seen or heard, the time and date, and provides a brief description of the commercial. 6. For cinema advertisements, complainant identifies the date of viewing and the name and location of the movie theatre where the advertisement was seen and provides a brief description of the advertisement. 7. For Internet advertisements, complainant identifies the date of viewing and the website address, and includes a copy of the advertisement and other applicable web pages. 8. For Web-centred content, complainant provides a URL and screen capture of the content of concern and identifies the date of viewing. 9. For full-time calendar content, complainant specifies the paragraph, page number. 10. For all other George Brown College material, complainant provides the name, date of the publication and page numbers/paragraph descriptions or other specifications that will isolate the content of concern. Complaint Receipt and Follow-up 1. Director, Marketing and Recruitment reviews each written complaint against the Ontario Ministry of Training Colleges and Universities Advertising Guidelines, Canadian Code of Advertising Standards and the George Brown College Reputation Standards. 2. Director, Marketing and Recruitment carries out a preliminary