George Brown College Research and Innovation Policies Conflict of Interest in Research 1. PURPOSE AND APPLICATION This policy is an addendum to George Brown College’s Conflict of Interest Policy created by the Human Resources office and issued on November 10, 2006. 1.1 This policy applies to all George Brown College personnel involved in research, as well as any other individuals or organizations involved directly or indirectly with research at the college including, but not limited to, officials representing the college, visiting professors, members of advisory boards, industry partners, and students and research trainees. 1.2 The purpose of this policy is to establish a code of conduct to ensure and maintain the integrity of research at George Brown College. 2. DISSEMINATION OF POLICY 2.1 All George Brown College staff will be made aware of this policy and it will be posted on the college’s intranet. 2.2 George Brown College staff must make all reasonable efforts to ensure non- employees involved in research at the college are aware of, and comply with, this policy. 3. GENERAL PRINCIPLES 3.1 Conflict of Interest Conflict of Interest occurs when an individual or organization has a real, potential or perceived direct or indirect personal interest which competes with George Brown College’s research interests. 3.2 Obligation Those involved in research at George Brown College must not seek to use their position to benefit themselves, their friends or family, in any business transaction or personal activity, at the expense of the college, and must not put, or seem to put, the college under any obligation not authorized by the college. 3.3 Duty An employee may not engage in private work or business that is likely to interfere with that person’s ability to perform his or her duties and responsibilities for the college. 3.4 Administration The college’s Research and Innovation office will be responsible for tracking all funded and unfunded applied research activities at the college, via its research database and other systems. The Research and Innovation Approved by the Board of Governors at the February 11, 2009 Public Board Meeting Motion: 08-06-02 office will also be responsible for providing administrative support for research contracts and funds. 3.5 Interpretation Conflict under this policy shall be interpreted broadly. 3.6 All individuals and organizations involved in research at George Brown College shall: 3.6.1 Ethical Standards Act with honesty and uphold the highest ethical standards in order to enhance public confidence in the college’s ability to act in the public’s best interest and for the long term good of the public, including staff, students, the community, industry partners and institutional partners. 3.6.2 Public Scrutiny Perform their official duties and arrange their private affairs in a manner that will bear the closest public scrutiny, an obligation that is not necessarily fully discharged by simply acting within the law. 3.6.3 Decision Making In fulfilling their duties and responsibilities, make decisions in the interest of George Brown College, with a view to public interest, and with regard to the merits of each case. 3.6.4 Private Interests Disclose fully any private interests that could be affected by George