Act with honesty and uphold the highest ethical standards in order to enhance public confidence in the college’s ability to act in the public’s best interest and for the long term good of the public, including staff, students, the community, industry partners and institutional partners. 3.6.2 Public Scrutiny Perform their official duties and arrange their private affairs in a manner that will bear the closest public scrutiny, an obligation that is not necessarily fully discharged by simply acting within the law. 3.6.3 Decision Making In fulfilling their duties and responsibilities, make decisions in the interest of George Brown College, with a view to public interest, and with regard to the merits of each case. 3.6.4 Private Interests Disclose fully any private interests that could be affected by George Brown College actions or that could put ethical practice at risk. 3.6.5 Public Interest Arrange their private affairs in a manner that will prevent real, potential or apparent conflicts of interest from arising; but if such a conflict does arise between the private interests of an individual and the official duties and responsibilities of that individual, the conflict shall be disclosed and resolved in favour of George Brown College, and the public. 3.6.6 Gifts and Benefits Not solicit or accept transfer of economic benefit other than incidental gifts, customary hospitality, or other benefits of nominal value from persons, groups or organizations having, or likely to have, dealings with George Brown College, unless the transfer is pursuant to an enforceable contract. 3.6.7 Preferential Treatment Not step out of their official roles to assist private entities or persons in their dealings with George Brown College where this would result in preferential treatment to any person or organization. Approved by the Board of Governors at the February 11, 2009 Public Board Meeting Motion: 08-06-02 3.6.8 Insider Information Not knowingly take advantage of, or benefit from, material information that is not generally available to the public that is obtained in the course of their official duties and responsibilities. 4. PROCEDURES 4.1 Disclosure Disclosure of a perceived, potential or actual conflict of interest must take place as soon as the individual becomes aware of the conflict. The conflict must be reported to a manager within the college’s Research and Innovation office (Director, Industry Liaison Manager, Project Managers or Operations Manager). Any conflict of interest must be disclosed and dealt with before the expenditure of any related research funds. 4.2.1 Notice A disclosed conflict of interest must be recorded in writing and kept on file in the Research and Innovation office. In the case that the matter disclosed is of a confidential or sensitive nature the Director of Research and Innovation will determine whether the matter must be fully disclosed for the good of the college. The Director will give the disclosing individual the opportunity to make full disclosure. If the individual does not do so, he or she will be considered in breach of this policy. 4.2.2 The Research and Innovation office is responsible for informing, in writing, the relevant funding agency of any conflict of interest which may