order in which elements will be read/accessed by someone who can't see the slide by pressing the tab key which will move you through the elements of the slide in their "logical reading order." 8. Repeat this process for all slide elements that are not in their correct order and for all slides in your presentation. 32 4 Alt Text on Images The next essential thing you can do is to provide Alt text for images and objects. To provide Alt Text for images and objects on a PowerPoint slide: 1. Select the image or object. 2. Right click on it or press the AppKey. 3. From the context menu choose Size. 4. A dialog opens. 5. Choose the Alt Text tab. 6. Either type in or paste the Alt text for the image or object. 7. Click on the OK button or Tab to it and press Enter to confirm the Alt Text. 5 Grouped Objects Although you can create nifty grouped objects on slides to represent content, grouped objects are inherently inaccessible. The better solution would be to create a single image using an image editor and provide it with Alt Text. The problems with grouped objects is that you often can't provide them with Alt text and someone who is tabbing through the presentation has to Tab through EVERY object and shape used to create the grouped object. The grouped objects are identified as individual pieces with no relationship to each other. While notification is given that the objects are grouped consider hearing the following: "Grouped object, rectangle, triangle, rectangle, circle, rectangle..." Would you be able to decode what this content is? 33 6 Audio and Video Content Accessibility GBC has a policy that only captioned videos can be used in course content. For details on the George Brown College Captioning policy3 visit the GBC web site. Course Packs The goal is to make accessible course pack material available to students with disabilities at the same time it is available to students without disabilities. The solution to providing course packs in accessible formats is to have the course pack available in a CD containing the course pack content in tagged PDF format. If you've followed the guidelines in this document when creating your Word documents, the structure will be carried through to the tagged PDF version of your work. You can create a tagged PDF from Word, PowerPoint or Adobe InDesign. The key is to add the document structure as you create the course pack material. If your course pack is compiled using articles from the library’s electronic databases, you must ensure that the digital versions of the articles are available so that they can be converted to an accessible format. As a Professor once you have permission to compile a course pack you will need:  You will send your originals to Grenville Management & Printing who will complete all copyright registrations and assist you with the production details  To place an adoption with the bookstore, the same as doing a textbook adoption. You can access this