this booklet, the Tags in a PDF document converted from your source document should provide a "logical reading order" for someone using adaptive technology. 1 Print to Adobe PDF If you use the Print dialog and print your accessible document to Adobe PDF you will create an untagged and inaccessible PDF document. 2 Tools for Adding Tags to PDF Documents In order to add the Tags to your documents you will need to use one of the following tools:  Adobe acrobat Professional6 This is an application you must purchase, however there is academic pricing for it. You will need either the Acrobat Professional or Acrobat Professional Extended.  Save as PDF or XPS7 add-in for Office 2007. This is a free download from the Microsoft site. Note that XPS is an inaccessible file format. 35 Other applications such as Open Office8 have the ability to convert documents to tagged PDF documents. However if you are providing staff or students with copies of the documents themselves you will need to provide compatibility information for Open Office based documents as well. 3 What Do Tags Look Like? Let's take this document and look at the Tags. Headings and other structural elements that were used when creating this document. The following view is of a draft of this document as content was being added. Figure 19Tags in a PDF document. The preceding image shows this part of the guide with the Tags Tree expanded revealing the underlying document structure. Where a Heading Level 1 has been used is an <H1> Tag, where a Heading Level 2 has been used is an <H2> Tag and where a normal paragraph style has been used is a <Normal> Tag. A paragraph may also be represented in the Tags Tree with a <P> Tag. You can see the Tags for a PDF document if you have Adobe Acrobat Professional. 36 4 Viewing Tags in Acrobat In Adobe Acrobat you can view the Tags Tree through the Tags Panel. By default when you show the Tags Panel it is a floating palette over your work which can be bothersome. The best way to work with tagged PDF is to put the Tags Tree in the Navigation Panel. Figure 20Floating Tags Panel. To put the Tags Panel in the Navigation Panel: 1. Choose View, Navigation Panel, Tags in Adobe Acrobat Professional or press Alt + V, N, G. 2. The Tags Panel which includes the Tags Tree is displayed as a floating palette over your document. 3. Choose View, Navigation Panel and Doc All Tabs or press Alt + V, N, K. 4. The Tags Panel will be docked in the Navigation Panel until you have to reinstall Acrobat or one of the Acrobat updates removes your settings. 37 Figure 21Tags Panel docked in Navigation Panel. 5 Language Each document must have a core or global language attribute. This tells adaptive technology such as screen readers for people who are blind which "voice" to use when reading the document. The screen reader will have multilingual synthesized voices. If they are