context menu. 4. Choose Properties from the context menu. 5. The TouchUp Properties dialog opens. 6. Either click into the Alt text area or press Alt + R. 7. Type in or copy and paste alternative text for the image. 8. When you are finished either click the Close Button or press Alt + C to Close the TouchUp Properties dialog. Figure 29Element in tagged PdF document selected using TouchUp Reading Order tool. If the image is a picture, diagram, or logo it would need Alt Text. If it is content from Adobe Illustrator that is text only but has been created as an image of text, you would add Actual Text instead of Alt text. This affects the way the information is read to someone who is blind and using a screen reader. Do not use both Alt Text and actual Text. Use one or the other. 44 12 Accessibility Full Check The final step in ensuring that a PDF document is accessible is to perform an Accessibility Full Check. This is a mechanical tool and is not a substitute for human evaluation of accessibility. It can tell you if; some Tags are missing, non-Unicode characters have been used, there is no structure or language for the document and if the Tab Order of links and form controls is not correct. It cannot tell you if Alt text is appropriate for images or if text that should be headings is tagged correctly. If you get a result that indicates elements are not accessible to screen readers, it might be a piece of the background and not critical to the understanding of the content. In that case it is a judgement call as to whether it needs to be tracked down and retagged as part of the background. Screen readers do not see inaccessible elements. A clean Accessibility Full Check is not a definition of an accessible document. It is one tool, a mechanical tool, that we have to help identify problem areas. 45 Resources The following resources are organized by application. The first set of resources are generic and include best practices tips and techniques. General Document Accessibility These resources contain common elements of accessible documents that can be applied to any document created. Adobe Accessibility Resource Centre9. Best practices for Creating Accessible Microsoft Office Documents from CalPoly10. Creating Accessible Documents from Accessible IT @ NC State11 . Creating Accessible Documents from Empire State College New York12. WebAIM Microsoft Word article on creating accessible documents13. Accessible Course Packs These resources are a combination of course pack and general accessibility tips for instructors for students with disabilities. Accessible Instructional Material by Poly14. This is a tagged PDF document so it is accessible but it does not have links or headings so is difficult to navigate if you are using adaptive technology. Word 2003 These resources are for Word 2003 but you can learn techniques for Word 2007 or 2010 from them. Creating Accessible Word 2003 Documents from CalPoly15. This is a tagged PDF document so you can see what a well tagged