bulleted or numbered list items select the list and: Press Alt + H, P, G to open the paragraph dialog and uncheck the check box "Don't add space between paragraphs of the same style." The default spacing is 10pt after each bulleted or numbered list item. Figure 12Paragraph dialog in Word. It is OK to put an image between list items because when you continue the list, the subsequent list items will be in a single continuous list format. If you break a bulleted or numbered list by using the Enter key or by adding paragraphs of text between bulleted or numbered items you will need to repair 26 these in a tagged PDF document if the document is converted to PDF. Someone reading the Word version of the document will lose the relationship between items as well. If you need to add paragraphs between bulleted items try using the Outline options instead of traditional bullets and numbering. This will let you create a hierarchy of information that is more accessible. PowerPoint When creating PowerPoint presentations there are some decisions that need to be made before you begin to optimize accessibility for people using adaptive technology. If you are going to distribute the presentation in PPT or PPTX or slide format, you can use objects such as, Word documents or Excel worksheets in your presentation. The underlying documents can be accessed by someone who cannot read the slide content. If you are going to distribute the presentation as a PPS or slide show only or as a tagged PDF document you will not be able to use these dynamically embedded objects without providing access to these documents. When you save a presentation as a slide show the dynamically linked objects become pictures or images in your presentation and therefore, become inaccessible. 1 Slide Outline One of the ways to see how much of a PowerPoint slide presentation is accessible in either a PPS or slide show format, as an RTF (Rich Text Format) is to switch from the Thumbnail view of a presentation to the Outline view.  Decide in advance which version of the presentation is going to be available to students/staff.  Use Outline to see what is going to be accessible to someone who may have difficulty reading the on-screen content.  Correct Tab Order of slide content. 27 Figure 13 Slide in PowerPoint showing Thumbail view. When we switch to Outline view on the left, we can see that the content in the text box on the slide will not be available to someone who saves the presentation in Outline view. Figure 14 Slide showing Outline view. The information on this slide would have to be copied and pasted into an RTF or Outline document. This would be true for content in any text box on a slide. Use Slide Master view to create the layout for specific slides used often. Sometimes it is easier to do this even for slide layouts we will use once. 28 2 Duplicating Slides in Slide Master. The first thing to do