Use descriptive headers and sub-headers to break documents up into manageable pieces.  Make sure your headings tell the reader what the upcoming sections will cover. Headings like “general” or “background” are not very helpful.  Use short sections or subdivide the longer ones.  Always group related material. This helps you eliminate repetitious information.  Use vertical lists to identify the important material.  Order the information. Put the more important information before the less important and the general before the specific.  Use lots of headings  Minimize cross-references. Sentences  Prefer to use short and medium-length sentences with an average length of about 20 words.  Try and keep paragraphs under 10 or 12 lines.  Whenever possible put the subject and verb near the beginning.  Use concrete, familiar words and no surplus of words.  Use Active voice with strong verbs.  Keep the subject near the verb, and the verb near the object.  Use examples to make complex information more understandable.  User parallel structure for parallel ideas. State related ideas in similar grammatical form.  Don’t use unnecessary qualifiers, multiple negatives.  Avoid redundancies. Words  Use simple, direct words.  Omit needless words.  Avoid legal jargon.  Explain technical terms that you cannot avoid using.  Never use “shall”. This is an ambiguous word.  Use the word “must”. It is the clearest way to convey to the reader they have to do something.  Be consistent with the terms you use to mean the same thing.  Use personal pronouns. Helps readers relate better to documents. Personal pronouns clarify what applies to your reader and what applies to you. 10  Find nouns and try to make it the main verb of the sentence. As you change nouns to verbs, your writing becomes less abstract. Example: “instead of ..We made an application....use.…We applied”.  Omit superfluous words. For example: “instead of…..In order to…use..…to”. “instead of….because of the fact....use….because, since”.  Use positive sentences.  Replace negative phrases with a single word that means the same thing. For example: “instead of….not able…use…unable”. Fonts and Font Sizes It is more important to use a standard font and consistent font size rather than try and identify which font or font size "is best." While some people with or without visual or print disabilities find Arial or Verdanna fonts easier to read, others depend on the ligatures or little hooks on the letters to decode what letter they are looking at and predict what word they are reading. The keys for fonts and font sizes are: 1. Use standard font types/styles that are Unicode based. 2. Be consistent in the font and font size used in your documents. 3. Avoid complicated, decorative or cursive fonts. 4. Sans serif fonts have been reported to be more legible when the character size is small. Colour Contrast It is important to have good contrast between foreground and background colours in your documents. This includes any shaded text such as table headers or cells. The Web Accessibility Tools Consortium