size, or alignment (such as centre aligned). 6. There are other options related to borders and paragraph alignment under the Format button in this dialog. 7. Once you've finished modifying the style choose to either apply the changes to this document only or other documents based on this template. 8. Move to and activate the OK button. 3 Creating a New Heading Style Remember the following tips for creating a new heading style: 1. When you choose to Modify an existing style or to create a new style, a dialog opens with all of the elements you can modify. 2. If you are creating a new heading style with a different look and feel it is important to base it on an existing heading style to ensure that the structure of headings is maintained in the document. a. In the section on modifying the current heading style, the style is based on the Normal style in the document. This is not a mistake. This will add the structure you want. It is when you are creating a new style that you need to make sure it is based on an existing style in the list of styles. 16 3. If you don't base the new heading style on an existing heading style it will look like a heading but the underlying structure will be a normal paragraph. 4. It is a good idea to include the heading level number in the new style name so that you remember what level it is when creating other documents based on this template. Figure 4 Create New Style dialog with Style based on options selected. 4 Alt Text and Captions for Images Graphics used in documents should support the content. Decorative graphics can be used but used sparingly. Alt Text is a brief and concise description of what the image is. For people with disabilities who are using technology to access your documents, using Alt Text will give them the information you want them to have about an image in your document. Without Alt Text someone who is blind would hear something like "graphic image452.gif." In Microsoft Office for Mac 2004 or 2008 you cannot add Alt text to images. If you are using an Office for Mac version of Word it is important to use captions for images. 17 To add Alt text to an image or object: 1. Select the image or object. 2. Either right click the mouse or press the AppKey and choose Size. 3. In the Size dialog choose the Alt Text tab by clicking on it or pressing Ctrl + Tab. 4. Type or copy and paste the Alt Text into the edit area. 5. Close the Size dialog by clicking the Close button or by tabbing to the Close button and pressing Enter. Figure 5Alt Text dialog in Word. 5 Captions for Images, Tables and Equations Captions are useful if the document is being printed and the image or object isn't clear on the printed page. Someone reading the document will then have access to the description of