press Alt + letter O while in the New Style dialog. This opens a context menu. 5. Choose Paragraph. This opens the Paragraph dialog. 6. In the area that identifies the indentation for the paragraph make the indentation equal for both left and right. 7. Close the Paragraph dialog by clicking on the OK button or tabbing to it and pressing Enter. 8. While in the New Style dialog press Alt + letter O again and this time choose Border. This opens the Borders and Shading dialog. 9. Choose the border you want and apply it to all four "sides" of the paragraph or any combination you want. 10. Make sure that the border will be applied to the paragraph and not text. 11.You can change the padding or margins between the text and border if you need a bit more space. This is found in the Borders and Shading dialog Options button. 12. Once you have the borders and shading the way you want, Click OK or Tab to the OK button and press Enter to close it. 13. You can then decide whether to add this style to the template or use it only in the current document. 23 You'll be able to see how the changes you make look in your document as you add them. Figure 9Creating a paragraph style using Create New Style dialog. Once you've activated the Format button, you can choose Borders which opens the Borders and Shading dialog shown in the following image. Figure 10Borders and Shading dialog from the Create New Style dialog. If you want some space between the border and the text and/or shading, use the Options button in the Borders and Shading dialog to do this. The Borders and Shading Options dialog will then open. 24 Figure 11Borders and Shading Options dialog. 25 9 Bulleted and Numbered lists If you need more space between bullets or numbers in a list, don't use the Enter key to create the space. This method breaks the list structure and for someone who is using technology to read your document each bulleted or numbered list item will be identified as an individual list. This means that there is no relationship between the listed items even though visually the relationship may be identifiable. To add space between bulleted or numbered list items select the list and: Press Alt + H, P, G to open the paragraph dialog and uncheck the check box "Don't add space between paragraphs of the same style." The default spacing is 10pt after each bulleted or numbered list item. Figure 12Paragraph dialog in Word. It is OK to put an image between list items because when you continue the list, the subsequent list items will be in a single continuous list format. If you break a bulleted or numbered list by using the Enter key or by adding paragraphs of text between bulleted or numbered items you will need to repair 26 these in a tagged PDF document if the document is converted to PDF. Someone reading the Word version of