with or without visual or print disabilities find Arial or Verdanna fonts easier to read, others depend on the ligatures or little hooks on the letters to decode what letter they are looking at and predict what word they are reading. The keys for fonts and font sizes are: 1. Use standard font types/styles that are Unicode based. 2. Be consistent in the font and font size used in your documents. 3. Avoid complicated, decorative or cursive fonts. 4. Sans serif fonts have been reported to be more legible when the character size is small. Colour Contrast It is important to have good contrast between foreground and background colours in your documents. This includes any shaded text such as table headers or cells. The Web Accessibility Tools Consortium has developed a Color Contrast AnalyzerText2 for the web. The following illustration shows that it will work on Word documents. The colours checked were the colours for the foreground and background of the headings in this document. This is a free tool! 11 Figure 1 Results from the Colour Contrast Analyzer. 12 Word 2007 Once you know the basics, it's easy to add accessibility to your documents. In most cases it is "added" automatically. 1 Templates Whenever possible use a template for your documents. This ensures that each document has the features you want as well as a consistent look and feel. By building the structure into your template, most of the work is done. To create a template in Word: 1. Open a blank document. 2. Choose File, Save As or press F12 to open the Save As dialog. 3. Name your template, for example Course Content. 4. Press Tab or move to the "Files of Type" list. 5. Choose "Word Template." 6. Make sure that the template is going to be saved where you can find it easily. In most cases it will be saved in a Templates folder automatically. 7. Add any static content to the document such as logos, contact information, disclaimers and so forth. 8. Change the fonts, add or modify styles. Create the look and feel you want for the document. 9. Save the template and close it. To use your template: 1. Choose File, New or press Alt + F, N. 2. Choose My templates in Windows Vista or Windows 7. a. Choose Templates on my computer for Windows XP. 3. Your new template will be in the list of available templates. 4. Press Enter when it is selected or double click on it to open the template. 5. Add the content you want. 6. Save the document in the Documents or My Documents folder. a. You can also save it to an external storage device. 13 2 Styles If you have a template you can change the default heading styles to look the way you want. Headings can be used to generate a Table of Contents like the Table of Contents in this guide. If a heading style is not used to identify changes in subject or topic, every piece of text in your document will