impairment, developmental or learning disability, language dysfunction or mental disorders.1 Reasonable and Appropriate Accommodations What are “reasonable and appropriate accommodations” and what does “short of undue hardship” mean in the academic context? What constitutes reasonable measures will vary depending on the circumstances. In other words, different types of disabilities require different accommodations and each student must be assessed on an individual basis in the context of the particular course and its academic requirements. 1 The Code, subsection 10(1), defines “disability” as: (a) any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth defect or illness and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, includes diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, a brain injury, any degree of paralysis, amputation, lack of physical co-ordination, blindness or visual impediment, deafness or hearing impediment, muteness or speech impediment, or physical reliance on a guide dog or other animal or on a wheelchair or other remedial appliance or device; (b) a condition of mental impairment or a developmental disability; (c) a learning disability, or a dysfunction in one or more of the processes involved in understanding or using symbols or spoken language; (d) a mental disorder; or (e) an injury or disability for which benefits were claimed or received under the insurance plan established under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, 1997. 6 Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act The Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act1, 2005 (AODA) became law on June 13, 2005. Under this landmark legislation, the government of Ontario will develop mandatory accessibility standards that will identify, remove and prevent barriers for people with disabilities in key areas of daily living. Five key areas have been identified by the legislation: 1. Customer Service. The standard states what businesses and other organizations in Ontario must do to provide their goods and services in ways that are accessible to people with disabilities. 2. Transportation. This standard is the only one that is sector specific, that is, it relates specifically to modes of transportation that come under the jurisdiction of provincial and municipal governments. 3. Employment. The goal of the is to help employers create equal employment opportunities for people with disabilities. 4. Information and Communication(which includes digital/course content). Outlines how businesses and organizations may be required to create, provide and receive information and communications in ways that are accessible for people with disabilities. 5. Built Environment. The goal is to break down barriers in buildings and other structures for people with disabilities by proposing accessibility requirements. Creating Accessible Documents It doesn't matter what application/program you use to create documents for staff or students, there are some basic principles that you can use to ensure that the documents have the structural elements necessary for people using adaptive technology such as screen readers. By creating documents to be inherently accessible there is no need to create "differently accessible" documents. 7 Elements of an accessible document are:  The use of templates for specific documents.  The use of Heading styles.  Create a custom style based on an existing one for headings.  Adding Alt