write in active voice. The active voice emphasizes the doer of an action, and it is usually briefer and clearer. Don’t ban the passive voice – just use it sparingly. Here are some tips in creating a plain English document: 8 Design Consider these design elements: hierarchy of information, typography, layout, graphics and color. A typical hierarchy may include, document title, section headings, subsection headings, paragraph headings and general text.  Divide your information into short sections.  Make a table of contents for long documents.  Use lots of headings.  Structure your writing by putting the main message first.  Typefaces come in to varieties: serif and sans serif. It is best to use sans serif typefaces in small quantities - for emphasis or headings. Serif typefaces are better for general texts. Both Serifs and sans serifs work well for headings.  Minimize the mixing of typefaces as not all typefaces work well together. As a general rule, do not use more than two typefaces in a document.  Use at least 10 to 12 point type for text.  Try to use between 32 and 70 characters in a line. Any longer and readers will lose their place when they read from line to line.  Columns should contain between 25 – 40 characters. Remember to use ample white space between columns.  Use techniques such as boldface, bullet dots, and boldface – but do not over do it.  Avoid using all-capital letters. For short headers capitals are acceptable, but anything more is unacceptable. Avoid over using capitals for common nouns.  Graphics such as diagrams, tables or charts should be used in explaining text. Make sure they have informative headings and try to place them on one page.  Keep the design of any graphic simple and drawn to scale.  Be consistent when grouping graphics.  Use white space in margins, around headings and between sections.  Justifying the right margins decreases readability. Research shows that the easiest text to reads is left justified, ragged right text. This document is set left justified, ragged right.  The majority of the document should be produced in black and white. Colour elements in your document should not overwhelm or distract the legibility of your text. 9 Organizing the document  Use descriptive headers and sub-headers to break documents up into manageable pieces.  Make sure your headings tell the reader what the upcoming sections will cover. Headings like “general” or “background” are not very helpful.  Use short sections or subdivide the longer ones.  Always group related material. This helps you eliminate repetitious information.  Use vertical lists to identify the important material.  Order the information. Put the more important information before the less important and the general before the specific.  Use lots of headings  Minimize cross-references. Sentences  Prefer to use short and medium-length sentences with an average length of about 20 words.  Try and keep paragraphs under 10 or 12 lines.  Whenever possible put the subject and verb near the