for images. 17 To add Alt text to an image or object: 1. Select the image or object. 2. Either right click the mouse or press the AppKey and choose Size. 3. In the Size dialog choose the Alt Text tab by clicking on it or pressing Ctrl + Tab. 4. Type or copy and paste the Alt Text into the edit area. 5. Close the Size dialog by clicking the Close button or by tabbing to the Close button and pressing Enter. Figure 5Alt Text dialog in Word. 5 Captions for Images, Tables and Equations Captions are useful if the document is being printed and the image or object isn't clear on the printed page. Someone reading the document will then have access to the description of the graphic in the caption. To add a caption for images: 1. Select the image or object and either right click the mouse or use the keyboard equivalent command for a right mouse click and choose "Insert Caption." 2. A Caption dialog opens with the figure number already in place ready for you to type the caption. You can also copy and paste information into the Caption edit area. 18 Figure 6Caption dialog in Word. Captions should also be used for tables and equations, Table captions would go before the table so that someone who can't see the table would know what type of data they are about to encounter. 6 Tables 19 Ensuring that a uniform table is used for data is a key to a well structured document. In Word 2007 the Table Gallery will also add an accessible table to your document 1. Tables should be inserted into a document and not drawn. 2. Tables should not be used for the design layout. 20 To add a table to a Word document: 1. Choose Insert, Table and either use the arrow keys to choose the number of columns and rows, Figure 7 Insert Table dialog. . 2. Or choose to Insert Table from the same sub-menu. 21 Figure 8Table Gallery from Insert Ribbon. 7 Header Rows Repeat If your table spans more than one page it is important to have the header rows repeat at the top of each page. To have table header rows repeat: 1. Select the first row of the data table and either right click the mouse or press the AppKey to open the context menu. 2. Choose Table Properties and then the Row tab. 3. Check the check box to have the header rows repeat. 4. Close the Table Properties dialog by either clicking the OK button or tabbing to the OK button and pressing Enter. It is a good idea to select the table and in the Row tab of the Table Properties dialog uncheck the "Allow rows to break across pages" check box. This improves the readability of the information in your tables. 8 Text Boxes and Single Cell Tables Often when we want to identify important information to someone reading course content, we use either a single cell table or a text box.