choose either "Content" or "Text." 4. Use the mouse to identify the place on the slide where you want to add the new placeholder. 5. Modify the size of it and move it to a different place on the slide as you need. Figure 16 Adding an accessible text placeholder to a slide. When you return to the Slide Layout (Alt + W, L or View, Slide Layout) and choose to insert a new slide using the Home Ribbon, you will see the new layout as an option. 30 Figure 17 Insert Slide Gallery showing newly created slide layout. The following image shows the Outline view of a slide in the Outline view. The slide has content positioned and formatted to be visually identifiable and the content is accessible. Figure 18 Two paragraph slide layout in Outline view. 31 3 Correct Tab Order of Slide Content One of the things you can do to a PowerPoint presentation is, to ensure that the Tab Order of content is correct. This should be something that you include in the workflow when you create your presentations. What is the "Tab Order?" If you look at a slide and press the Tab key repeatedly you will see the order in which the content of the slide will be read to someone who can't see it. Making sure that the order is the way the content should be read is essential to the understanding of your presentation. You can repair the Tab Order in PowerPoint 2007. To repair the Tab Order on a slide: 1. If your presentation has slide numbers or a footer make sure that they have been added. a. To do this, press Alt + N, S, N or click the Insert Ribbon and choose Slide Numbers. 2. Click on any slide element or Tab to it. 3. Choose Drawing Tools, Selection Pane or press Alt + J, A, P. 4. The Selection Pane opens to the right of the slide. 5. The elements of the slide are listed from last to first in the Selection Pane. 6. Click on the slide element that needs to be reordered and use the Up or Down Arrow in the Selection Pane to move it to its logical reading order/Tab Order on the slide. 7. You can test the order in which elements will be read/accessed by someone who can't see the slide by pressing the tab key which will move you through the elements of the slide in their "logical reading order." 8. Repeat this process for all slide elements that are not in their correct order and for all slides in your presentation. 32 4 Alt Text on Images The next essential thing you can do is to provide Alt text for images and objects. To provide Alt Text for images and objects on a PowerPoint slide: 1. Select the image or object. 2. Right click on it or press the AppKey. 3. From the context menu choose Size. 4. A dialog opens. 5. Choose the Alt Text tab. 6. Either type in or paste