data table and either right click the mouse or press the AppKey to open the context menu. 2. Choose Table Properties and then the Row tab. 3. Check the check box to have the header rows repeat. 4. Close the Table Properties dialog by either clicking the OK button or tabbing to the OK button and pressing Enter. It is a good idea to select the table and in the Row tab of the Table Properties dialog uncheck the "Allow rows to break across pages" check box. This improves the readability of the information in your tables. 8 Text Boxes and Single Cell Tables Often when we want to identify important information to someone reading course content, we use either a single cell table or a text box. Single cell tables are not a good use of tables and using them this way is contrary to a well structured document. 22 Text boxes sort of float over the text of the document. If you've moved the cursor down a page you'll notice that when a text box is encountered the cursor remains at the left margin and doesn't move to the text box. This means that someone who is blind and using technology to read your document will never see this important information. The most accessible way to identify important information visually and accessibly is to use paragraph formatting. This paragraph uses a style created by the document author called "Important." It has a border and is indented left and right from the margin. It is completely accessible AND makes the text stand out visually for someone reading the document on screen or in print. Same visual effect but completely accessible. To create the paragraph style for important information: 1. Select a paragraph you want to format to be special: a. You can do this without selecting the paragraph but this method lets you see how the formatting looks as you apply it. 2. Press Alt + H, F, Y to open the Styles Pane and Tab to the New Style button and press Enter or click on the New Style button. 3. Change the font and font size as well as the alignment if you want. 4. To double indent the paragraph as in the example above, click on the Format button or press Alt + letter O while in the New Style dialog. This opens a context menu. 5. Choose Paragraph. This opens the Paragraph dialog. 6. In the area that identifies the indentation for the paragraph make the indentation equal for both left and right. 7. Close the Paragraph dialog by clicking on the OK button or tabbing to it and pressing Enter. 8. While in the New Style dialog press Alt + letter O again and this time choose Border. This opens the Borders and Shading dialog. 9. Choose the border you want and apply it to all four "sides" of the paragraph or any combination you want. 10. Make sure that the border will be applied to the paragraph and not text. 11.You can change the padding