the pages of the document or click on . 3. Select all of the pages in the document by pressing Ctrl + A. 4. Right click or press the ApppKey to open the context menu for Pages. 5. Choose Properties which is the last item in the context menu. 6. In the Pages Properties dialog select the radio button to "Use the document structure" for the Tab order. 7. Click on the Close button or Tab to it and press Enter. 8. The Tab Order has now been repaired. 7 Basic Accessibility Tools There are tools you can use in Adobe acrobat Professional to view your documents in their logical reading order. The three that will be illustrated in this document are:  Reflow.  Highlight Content.  Order Panel and TouchUp Reading Order Tool. 39 8 Reflow Tool This tool can be used in Adobe acrobat Professional when your document has a complex layout. It will show how the document will be read to someone using a screen reader. In other words, you will visually see the logical reading order of your content. Figure 22Columns before Reflow. The keyboard command for Reflow is a toggle. Pressing Ctrl + 4 on the number row will turn it on and pressing Ctrl + 4 on the number row again will turn it off. If you want to use the menus, choose View, Zoom, Reflow. The keyboard command is faster! Figure 23Columns after Reflow. 40 9 Highlight Content Highlight Content can be used in the Tags Tree/Tags Panel of adobe acrobat Professional to show what content the Tag corresponds to in the document. Turn on Highlight Content in the Tags Tree by right clicking anywhere in the Tags Tree or pressing the AppKey anywhere in the Tags Tree. Choose Highlight Content from the context menu. The hotkey is the letter H. Figure 24Highlight Content in Tags Tree of Adobe Acrobat Professional. This lets you move through the Tags and see the corresponding content in the visual representation of the document. Figure 25 List Tag with Highlight Content turned on showing corresponding list in a document. 41 10 Order Panel and TouchUp Reading Order Tool The Order Panel in Adobe acrobat Professional can give you a more global view of the reading order of content on a page. Each piece of text or content is given a number and that number identifies the order in which the content should be read. There are two caveats to using the TouchUp Reading Order tools: 1. Adaptive technology uses the Tags to provide the reading order so if you can't rearrange the items in the Order Panel concentrate on getting the Tags right. 2. You can't see the individual Tag elements in the Order Panel. Often a page will be shown as one block of text or graphics. You can't see if headings or lists are tagged correctly. The Order Panel does, however, give you a fast view of what is and isn't tagged. It is an ideal situation where the Tags and the Order Panels are in