ways that are accessible for people with disabilities. 5. Built Environment. The goal is to break down barriers in buildings and other structures for people with disabilities by proposing accessibility requirements. Creating Accessible Documents It doesn't matter what application/program you use to create documents for staff or students, there are some basic principles that you can use to ensure that the documents have the structural elements necessary for people using adaptive technology such as screen readers. By creating documents to be inherently accessible there is no need to create "differently accessible" documents. 7 Elements of an accessible document are:  The use of templates for specific documents.  The use of Heading styles.  Create a custom style based on an existing one for headings.  Adding Alt Text for images/links.  Using captions for images in print/digital documents.  The use of Standard fonts, preferably, Frutiger, Arial, Verdana.  When combining fonts make sure to use a sans serif with a serif.  Use Good colour contrast.  Consider using plan language.  Do not use tables for design layout.  Identify table header rows.  Do not use Text Boxes in Word documents.  Do not use single cell tables to isolate important information in a Word document.  Create one image out of grouped objects and add Alt Text to one image. Where there are complex images, provide a descriptive document in addition to the source document or ensure that the complex image is explained in the body text. Plain Language Definition and Guidelines Plain Language is accessible for many persons with disabilities. When producing a document you may want to consider incorporating some of the basic principles of plain language or plain English. There are many definitions for Plain English or what is sometimes referred to as Plain Language. The goal is always to use language in a way that is user friendly, clear, direct and natural. As a starting point, the writer should always consider who the target audience is. Make it your goal to convey the ideas with the greatest possible clarity. Do not make the document sound formal and omit unnecessary details. Scale back the information to what your reader needs to know and use examples as needed to help explain the text. Remember whenever possible to write in active voice. The active voice emphasizes the doer of an action, and it is usually briefer and clearer. Don’t ban the passive voice – just use it sparingly. Here are some tips in creating a plain English document: 8 Design Consider these design elements: hierarchy of information, typography, layout, graphics and color. A typical hierarchy may include, document title, section headings, subsection headings, paragraph headings and general text.  Divide your information into short sections.  Make a table of contents for long documents.  Use lots of headings.  Structure your writing by putting the main message first.  Typefaces come in to varieties: serif and sans serif. It is best to use sans serif typefaces in small quantities - for emphasis or headings. Serif