Choose View, Navigation Panel, Tags in Adobe Acrobat Professional or press Alt + V, N, G. 2. The Tags Panel which includes the Tags Tree is displayed as a floating palette over your document. 3. Choose View, Navigation Panel and Doc All Tabs or press Alt + V, N, K. 4. The Tags Panel will be docked in the Navigation Panel until you have to reinstall Acrobat or one of the Acrobat updates removes your settings. 37 Figure 21Tags Panel docked in Navigation Panel. 5 Language Each document must have a core or global language attribute. This tells adaptive technology such as screen readers for people who are blind which "voice" to use when reading the document. The screen reader will have multilingual synthesized voices. If they are a person who is working in French using a French language synthesized voice and a PDF document does not have a language specified, you may have a document in English trying to be read by a French voice. To ensure that the PDF document has a core language: 1. In Adobe Acrobat Professional choose File, Document Properties or press Alt + F, R. 2. This opens the Document Properties dialog. 3. Click on the Advanced tab or move to it by pressing Ctrl + Tab. 4. The last setting on the Advanced tab is "Language." This is a drop down list. 5. Choose the language for the document. 6. Click the OK button or Tab to it and press Enter. Save your document to save the language attribute. Note that you can also change the language for specific paragraphs if you are creating a multilingual document. 38 6 Tab Order People who are using adaptive technology to read a tagged PDF document use the Tab key to move from link to link in the document or from form control to form control if the document is a fillable form. These keyboard commands are separate from general reading commands. Sometimes there will be a message in the accessibility full check report that a document that has links or form controls has an incorrect Tab Order. To repair the Tab Order in a tagged PDF document: 1. In the Navigation Panel of Adobe Acrobat Professional choose the Pages tab. 2. Press the Tab key once to move into the pages of the document or click on . 3. Select all of the pages in the document by pressing Ctrl + A. 4. Right click or press the ApppKey to open the context menu for Pages. 5. Choose Properties which is the last item in the context menu. 6. In the Pages Properties dialog select the radio button to "Use the document structure" for the Tab order. 7. Click on the Close button or Tab to it and press Enter. 8. The Tab Order has now been repaired. 7 Basic Accessibility Tools There are tools you can use in Adobe acrobat Professional to view your documents in their logical reading order. The three that will be illustrated in this document are:  Reflow.  Highlight Content. 