page. Each piece of text or content is given a number and that number identifies the order in which the content should be read. There are two caveats to using the TouchUp Reading Order tools: 1. Adaptive technology uses the Tags to provide the reading order so if you can't rearrange the items in the Order Panel concentrate on getting the Tags right. 2. You can't see the individual Tag elements in the Order Panel. Often a page will be shown as one block of text or graphics. You can't see if headings or lists are tagged correctly. The Order Panel does, however, give you a fast view of what is and isn't tagged. It is an ideal situation where the Tags and the Order Panels are in harmony but if you have a poorly designed document or one without structure this might not be possible. For those documents concentrate on the Tags being in the right order. Figure 26Order Panel in Adobe Acrobat Professional. The TouchUp Reading Order Tool floats over the document area but sometimes gives you more flexibility when working with tagged PDF. By default the colours of the content are varying shades of black. In the preceding and following images they have been changed so that each type of element is more visible. 42 Figure 27TouchUp Reading Order tool in Adobe Acrobat Professional. Notice that until you select one of the elements on the page most of the options are not available. Once you select an element on the page the buttons and options become usable. This tool is used to fine tune content on a page or to select content that has been missed by the conversion process and is not Tagged. Figure 28 TouchUp Reading Order tool with page element selected. 43 11 Alt Text on Images in a PDF Document If you've added Alt Text for images in Word or PowerPoint, it will be converted to the tagged PDF when you perform the conversion. If you have not added Alt text to images it can be repaired in the PDF document. To add Alt text to an image or object in a tagged PDF document: 1. Locate the corresponding <Figure> or <InlineShape> object. 2. Either right click on it or press the AppKey. 3. This opens a context menu. 4. Choose Properties from the context menu. 5. The TouchUp Properties dialog opens. 6. Either click into the Alt text area or press Alt + R. 7. Type in or copy and paste alternative text for the image. 8. When you are finished either click the Close Button or press Alt + C to Close the TouchUp Properties dialog. Figure 29Element in tagged PdF document selected using TouchUp Reading Order tool. If the image is a picture, diagram, or logo it would need Alt Text. If it is content from Adobe Illustrator that is text only but has been created as an image of text, you would add Actual Text instead of Alt text. This affects the way the information is read to someone who is