to the tagged PDF version of your work. You can create a tagged PDF from Word, PowerPoint or Adobe InDesign. The key is to add the document structure as you create the course pack material. If your course pack is compiled using articles from the library’s electronic databases, you must ensure that the digital versions of the articles are available so that they can be converted to an accessible format. As a Professor once you have permission to compile a course pack you will need:  You will send your originals to Grenville Management & Printing who will complete all copyright registrations and assist you with the production details  To place an adoption with the bookstore, the same as doing a textbook adoption. You can access this information at gbcbookstore.bookware3000.ca4  Click on the button “Instructors – Need to adopt your books?”.  You will need to request a password on-line if you don’t already have one, which will be sent to you within 24 hours weekdays.  Then just follow the steps to adopt your course pack. 34 Copyright Compliance & Course packs Coursepacks are collections of photocopies of published works, e.g., books or articles that are assembled and sold to students through direct sale or through material fees at the beginning of the term. The copying is done by the contracted service provider, which operates the College’s duplication services, under the service provider’s own license with Access Copyright. Where required, the service provider will obtain any necessary permission for copying that is outside the scope of its Access Copyright license. All other copying must be in compliance with the College’s Copyright Policy and the 5 Association of Canadian Community College’s Fair Dealing Policy PDF Document Accessibility This guide has talked about tagged PDF through all of the topics. What do we mean by this and how do you do it? The ability to "Tag" a PDF document provides the accessibility to the document content. A Tag is much like the information you would see in the Reveal Codes of WordPerfect or the code used to write HTML or web documents. For each piece of content in your document there should be a corresponding Tag in the PDF document. If you've built the structure and accessibility into your documents as illustrated in this booklet, the Tags in a PDF document converted from your source document should provide a "logical reading order" for someone using adaptive technology. 1 Print to Adobe PDF If you use the Print dialog and print your accessible document to Adobe PDF you will create an untagged and inaccessible PDF document. 2 Tools for Adding Tags to PDF Documents In order to add the Tags to your documents you will need to use one of the following tools:  Adobe acrobat Professional6 This is an application you must purchase, however there is academic pricing for it. You will need either the Acrobat Professional or Acrobat Professional Extended.  Save as PDF or XPS7 add-in for Office 2007. This is a free download from the Microsoft site. Note