 Correct Tab Order of slide content. 27 Figure 13 Slide in PowerPoint showing Thumbail view. When we switch to Outline view on the left, we can see that the content in the text box on the slide will not be available to someone who saves the presentation in Outline view. Figure 14 Slide showing Outline view. The information on this slide would have to be copied and pasted into an RTF or Outline document. This would be true for content in any text box on a slide. Use Slide Master view to create the layout for specific slides used often. Sometimes it is easier to do this even for slide layouts we will use once. 28 2 Duplicating Slides in Slide Master. The first thing to do is to create a duplicate slide by choosing the View Ribbon and Slide Master (Press Alt + W, M). Find the slide with the title placeholder and no other text areas. Right click on it and choose Duplicate Slide. Once the new slide is in the stack, right click the new slide and choose Rename. Figure 15 Duplicate Slide option in Slide Master view. At this point the process changes for PowerPoint 2007. Once you have the duplicate slide created, the next step is to rename it so that if you use the same slide template or presentation in the future you can find the layout in the Insert Slide options. To rename the slide layout 1. Either right click or press the AppKey on the layout in the Thumbnail view. 2. From the context menu choose "Rename Layout." 3. A dialog will open where you can type the name of the new layout. 4. Once this is done it will appear in the list of available layouts for slides in the presentation or the slide template (if you are working on a template). In PowerPoint 2007 while in Slide Master View you can add either Text or Content placeholders to slides. This lets you create slide layouts for the type of slides you use regularly while keeping the content accessible. 29 To add text or content placeholders in PowerPoint 2007: 1. Click the Slide Master Ribbon. 2. Choose "Insert Placeholder." The keyboard command is Alt + M, A. 3. To add a default text placeholder choose either "Content" or "Text." 4. Use the mouse to identify the place on the slide where you want to add the new placeholder. 5. Modify the size of it and move it to a different place on the slide as you need. Figure 16 Adding an accessible text placeholder to a slide. When you return to the Slide Layout (Alt + W, L or View, Slide Layout) and choose to insert a new slide using the Home Ribbon, you will see the new layout as an option. 30 Figure 17 Insert Slide Gallery showing newly created slide layout. The following image shows the Outline view of a slide in the Outline view. The slide has content positioned and formatted to be visually identifiable and the content is