is dedicated to fostering an inclusive environment for our students, employees and community members. Our core value of diversity and respect is the corner stone of our commitment to achieve and demonstrate leadership in accessibility. In 2005, Ontario introduced its first legislation, designed to create a province of inclusion for people with disabilities - the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) . George Brown College was one of the first academic institutions to demonstrate leadership by beginning a rigorous process of identifying accessibility barriers and committing to the development of action items to address all barriers and make changes annually. When the first regulation – Customer Service Standard, became law on January 1st, 2008, George Brown College acted quickly to develop a plan that would align the accessibility efforts with the requirements of this law. As a result of the College’s efforts to ensure that we always keep accessibility top of mind and woven into the fabric of our College – the college identified that a resource guide in developing accessible materials would be an asset in supporting faculty and other employees of the College. GBC Accessibility George Brown College has several processes and offices established to provide services to people with disabilities. The Diversity, Equity and Human Rights Services office is dedicated to student and staff success by fostering a respectful learning and working environment. The Disability Services Office provides direct services for students with disabilities who wish to access academic accommodations. With the introduction of the Accessibility for Ontarians Act (AODA), George Brown College was the first College to appoint an AODA Coordinator to facilitate the implementation of this disability legislation across the entire College and provide expertise on accessibility issues. 5 Legal and Policy Background There are three "guiding principles" for creating more accessible course content: 1. The Ontario Human Rights Code. 2. Reasonable and Appropriate Accommodation 3. Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Ontario Human Rights Code The Ontario Human Rights Code (the “Code”) requires that service providers provide equal treatment to all persons without discrimination because of disability (section 1). It provides that reasonable measures must be taken by service providers to accommodate disability, short of “undue hardship” (subsection 24(2)). The Code defines “disability” broadly, to include physical disabilities, infirmities, malformations, disfigurement or illness, as well as mental impairment, developmental or learning disability, language dysfunction or mental disorders.1 Reasonable and Appropriate Accommodations What are “reasonable and appropriate accommodations” and what does “short of undue hardship” mean in the academic context? What constitutes reasonable measures will vary depending on the circumstances. In other words, different types of disabilities require different accommodations and each student must be assessed on an individual basis in the context of the particular course and its academic requirements. 1 The Code, subsection 10(1), defines “disability” as: (a) any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth defect or illness and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, includes diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, a brain injury, any degree of paralysis, amputation, lack of physical co-ordination, blindness or visual