Windows 7. a. Choose Templates on my computer for Windows XP. 3. Your new template will be in the list of available templates. 4. Press Enter when it is selected or double click on it to open the template. 5. Add the content you want. 6. Save the document in the Documents or My Documents folder. a. You can also save it to an external storage device. 13 2 Styles If you have a template you can change the default heading styles to look the way you want. Headings can be used to generate a Table of Contents like the Table of Contents in this guide. If a heading style is not used to identify changes in subject or topic, every piece of text in your document will have the structural element of a paragraph. This means that people with disabilities who are using technology to navigate your documents and read specific content will not be able to so. Therefore, there should not be one heading style throughout an entire document unless every change in topic/subject is a top level heading or heading 1. You can change the look and feel of headings in a template to match the overall theme of the template. This preserves a hierarchy of content beginning with level 1 headings and moving downward through other heading levels based on the hierarchy of the content. How to modify the existing heading styles in a template: 1. Open your template. a. Don't use File, New as this will open a new document based on your template. b. There is no "reset button" for the Word Normal template so it is not recommended that you modify default heading styles in a normal Word document. 2. Press Alt + H, F, Y which will open the Styles Pane. a. The keyboard command is faster since this tool is a small icon in the lower right of the Paragraph Group. 14 Figure 2 Styles Pane in Word. 3. Right click the mouse or use the keyboard equivalent for a right click on the style you want to modify and choose Modify. 4. A dialog opens with the options for formatting the style. 15 Figure 3 Modify Styles dialog in Word. 5. Make any changes to the colour, font (such as to Arial or Verdana) size, or alignment (such as centre aligned). 6. There are other options related to borders and paragraph alignment under the Format button in this dialog. 7. Once you've finished modifying the style choose to either apply the changes to this document only or other documents based on this template. 8. Move to and activate the OK button. 3 Creating a New Heading Style Remember the following tips for creating a new heading style: 1. When you choose to Modify an existing style or to create a new style, a dialog opens with all of the elements you can modify. 2. If you are creating a new heading style with a different look and feel it is important to base it on an existing heading style to ensure that