the impact on the attendance of students and college employees; • the impact of timing and sequence of evaluations and/or assessments; and, • the risk to the GBC and broader community’s health, safety and wellness. 1.4 In the event of a disruption, or to mitigate the impact of a disruption, the college will make reasonable efforts for students to achieve outcomes of any given program of study and receive final grades. These efforts may include modifying the teaching term and requiring employees, under the direction of their academic administrator, to change: • delivery mode, • timing, number and methods of evaluation/assessment, • course content and weekly activities, • assignment of grades. The college may require other modifications that are appropriate under the circumstances. 1.5 To avoid, or to minimize, the impact of the disruption, the college may direct employees to conduct and facilitate teaching in an alternative location or manner (e.g. online using any prescribed technology). 1.6 The college will identify and provide reasonable guidance and training that is appropriate in the circumstances. 1.7 Any work that would trigger overtime provisions in the collective agreements must receive prior approval from the employee’s academic administrator / manager or designate. Additional work undertaken to meet the college’s expectations noted above will be compensated under the relevant collective agreement, if required. 3 1.8 Should the circumstance require, and the college amend assignments provided to full-time teachers following receipt of their original Standard Workload Form (SWF), the college will issue a new SWF as soon as practicable, subject to the teachers’ right to refer any matter to the College Workload Monitoring Group. 1.9 Should non full-time faculty be assigned additional work, they will be issued new contracts and compensated according to the Academic Employees Collective Agreement where it applies. 2.0 Academic Outcomes 2.1 Students who do not participate in academic activities because they are unable to do so owing to a disruption are entitled to immunity from penalty, to reasonable alternative access to materials covered in their absence, to reasonable modifications to curriculum and to such other remedies as the college deems necessary. Alternative access to materials and modifications to curriculum are determined by the faculty and, where necessary, approved by their relevant academic administrator or manager. 2.2 The availability of a remedy under this policy does not guarantee students the same learning experience that they would have received in the absence of a disruption. 2.3 Remedies are intended to minimize the impact on academic outcomes associated with the missed learning activities. They do not relieve the student of the responsibility for meeting the outcomes associated with said learning activities. 3.0 Information and Communication 3.1 Students and employees will be informed of procedures and changed requirements via the college’s website, the learning management system, and through the college email system or other appropriate media. 4 NON-COMPLIANCE IMPLICATIONS This policy, sanctioned by George Brown College, is an institutional regulation requiring compliance across the college. Failure to comply with this policy may result in disciplinary measures commensurate with the offence in accordance with relevant academic and administrative codes