guarantee students the same learning experience that they would have received in the absence of a disruption. 2.3 Remedies are intended to minimize the impact on academic outcomes associated with the missed learning activities. They do not relieve the student of the responsibility for meeting the outcomes associated with said learning activities. 3.0 Information and Communication 3.1 Students and employees will be informed of procedures and changed requirements via the college’s website, the learning management system, and through the college email system or other appropriate media. 4 NON-COMPLIANCE IMPLICATIONS This policy, sanctioned by George Brown College, is an institutional regulation requiring compliance across the college. Failure to comply with this policy may result in disciplinary measures commensurate with the offence in accordance with relevant academic and administrative codes of conduct and collective bargaining agreements. RELATED POLICIES Academic Appeals Policy Accessible Learning Policy AODA Accessibility Policy College Emergency Policy Educational Concerns and Complaints Policy Employee Code of Conduct – Academic Staff Code of Student Behaviour and Community Standards Policy Office of the Registrar’s Policies RELATED MATERIALS Academic Appeal Hearing Manual (available from the Office of Academic Excellence) Ontario Colleges of Applied Arts and Technologies Act, 2002 (OCAAT Act) Minister’s Binding Policy Directive - Framework for Programs of Instruction. 2003 (Rev.July 2009). Government of Ontario, Ministry of Colleges and Universities. Framework for Programs of Instructions, Minister’s Binding Policy Directive (2003) Ontario College Quality Assurance Service, Program Quality Assurance Process Audit: Orientation Manual, Jan. 2014 Post-secondary Choice and Excellence Act (2000) Academic Employees Collective Agreement Full-time Support Staff Collective Agreement Part-time Support Staff Collective Agreement Code of Student Behaviour and Community Standards Copyright Policy Expression of Educational Concerns and Complaints Policy Office of the Registrar’s Policies 5