As a Member of College Council Members of the College Council at George Brown College hold a unique position that offers an opportunity to play an important role in addressing issues that concern the entire college community. Accountabilities College Council is accountable to the Board of Governors in carrying out its two-fold mandate: advising the President and representing the college community. Within this context, College Council members have clear lines of accountability: (cid:131) Elected representatives are accountable to the division or group they were elected to represent. (cid:131) Student representatives are accountable to the student body through the Student Association. (cid:131) Presidential appointees, ex-officio members and members who serve on Council as a result of their position at the college are accountable to the college community at large. Duties Members of College Council are expected to (cid:131) represent the perspectives and concerns of their constituents in Council meeting discussions, in the case of elected members, or bring a college-wide perspective, in the case of non-elected or ex-officio members. (cid:131) meet with their manager, once elected or appointed, before September to make arrangements for release time or recognition for the upcoming year so they can carry out their work as a member of Council, including attending Council meetings. (cid:131) attend all regularly scheduled and special meetings of College Council. (cid:131) notify the Chair of College Council one week in advance, if possible, if they will be unable to attend a regular meeting and provide, if possible, the name of an alternate who can attend in their place. In the case of voting members, the alternate must represent the division or group the member was elected to represent and be eligible to vote. (cid:131) come prepared for meetings having read the agenda, the minutes of the previous meeting and background material circulated in advance. (cid:131) communicate regularly with constituents by o encouraging constituents to attend Council meetings. o posting notices of upcoming meetings and the minutes of the last meeting, or directing constituents to insite, the college intranet, for information about meetings and the work of Council. o offering opportunities for constituents to bring forward issues they want Council to address. September 2008 1 (cid:131) be prepared to report on how they have communicated with constituents about the work of Council. (cid:131) notify the Chair of College Council one week in advance of the meeting if they want to have an item added to the agenda, and provide a written summary of the item and relevant background material to be circulated to members in advance. (cid:131) serve on a subcommittee of Council, if appropriate to their expertise, availability and interest, by preparing for and attending meetings, and reporting back to Council as required. Communication Opportunities College Council members have many ways they can keep their constituents up to date. A recent survey of College Council members identified a range of approaches to communication with constituents that include (cid:131) holding informal face-to-face meetings. (cid:131) establishing and maintaining a binder in a central location where constituents can access meeting notices, agendas, background materials and minutes. (cid:131)