EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe. In the event of an emergency where safe evacuation is not possible and the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe, position yourself in a safe alternate location.  If you can, notify the volunteer fire warden of your location.  If that is not possible, dial 9-911 on the college phone or 911 on your cell phone to notify emergency personnel of your location. If you are aware that someone is waiting for assistance to evacuate, once you are outside the building you should  proceed to the building’s annunciator panel exit.  inform the college emergency personnel stationed there of the individual’s exact location. Table A-4 lists the location of the annunciator panel exits for each building. (return to top) 33 Updated: November 7, 2012 B. Emergency Evacuation Procedures George Brown College maintains a Fire Safety Plan that complies with the provisions of the Ontario Fire Code1 and its amendments, and with the City of Toronto guidelines for the preparation of fire safety plans. The Fire Safety Plan has been prepared jointly by the Occupational and Environmental Health & Safety Department and the Facilities Management Department, and approved by Toronto Fire Services. Additional information is available in the Fire Safety Plan for each campus located in the Campus Manager’s office. George Brown College is committed to communicating the Fire Safety Plan, and its associated emergency evacuation procedures, to our employees, students and community members. Employees are responsible for reviewing the approved emergency evacuation procedures and instructions, as set out in the sections that follow, and for ensuring that they understand what they are to do in an emergency so they can act safely in accordance with the provisions outlined in our Fire Safety Plan.  Section B-1 sets out emergency evacuation procedures for faculty, continuing education instructors, support staff and administration for buildings with 1-stage auditory alarms.  Section B-2 sets out emergency evacuation procedures for faculty, continuing education instructors, support staff and administration for buildings with 2-stage auditory alarms.  Section B-3 provides emergency evacuation instructions for each building. These instructions can be  copied and distributed to students at the beginning of each semester.  posted in shared public spaces such as classrooms, meeting rooms or hallways.  posted at workstations. (return to top) 1 Ontario Fire Code: Ontario Regulation 213/07, November 21, 2007. 34 Updated: November 7, 2012 1. Emergency Evacuation Procedures: 1-Stage Auditory Alarm Table B-1: Buildings with 1-stage Auditory Alarm Systems St James Campus Casa Loma Campus All Buildings All Buildings SJA bldg, 200 King St E B bldg, 175 Kendal Ave SJB bldg, 300 Adelaide St E C bldg, 160 Kendal Ave SJC bldg, 290 Adelaide St E D bldg, 1 Dartnell Ave SJD bldg, 215 King St E E bldg, 146 Kendal Ave SJE bldg, 230 Richmond St E F bldg, 500 MacPherson Ave SJF bldg, 210 King St E SJG bldg, 193 King St E SJH bldg, 341 King St E 207 Adelaide St E 264 Adelaide St E (return to top) a. For Faculty and Continuing Education Instructors (1-stage