followed in case of an emergency. If they are unable to independently and safely evacuate the building, these plans state that they are to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL to wait for assistance from trained emergency professionals.  Students who require assistance to evacuate will be directed by their instructors to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  Visitors to the college who require assistance to evacuate will need to be directed to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Be aware that people who are Deaf, deafened, hard of hearing, ASL /LSQ4 users, and people with speech/language disabilities may be unable to obtain evacuation information from the auditory fire alarms or by using the yellow emergency call boxes or blue emergency pull stations to contact Security.5 In an emergency, they may need additional instruction from volunteer fire wardens. In an emergency that requires evacuation: 1. Check your assigned coverage area(s) to identify individuals who will need assistance from trained emergency professionals to evacuate the building. Close doors behind you. 2. Direct these individuals to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL (designated waiting area) if it is safe to do so, or to an alternate EXIT STAIRWELL if the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe.  Tell them to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals who will help them evacuate the building.  Tell them you will notify college emergency personnel of their location. 3. Make a final check of the EXIT STAIRWELLs in your coverage area before leaving the building, if it is safe to do so, to determine whether anyone is waiting for assistance to evacuate. 4. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. 5. Once outside, proceed to the building’s annunciator panel exit and report the location of these individuals to college emergency personnel stationed there. (return to top) 4 American Sign Language/Langue des signes québecoise. 5 Blue pull stations at the Ryerson campus. 85 Updated: November 7, 2012 5. If Heavy Smoke, Fire or Obstacles Prevent Evacuation If heavy smoke, fire or obstacles in your area prevent you from evacuating the building or proceeding to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL, follow this protocol: 1. Close the door(s) to the room or area. Leave the door(s) unlocked so trained emergency professionals can enter. 2. Dial 9-911 on a college phone, if possible, or 911 on your cell phone. Report your exact location. 3. Stay low to the ground. 4. Wait for instructions or information from trained emergency professionals. 5. Remain calm. (return to top) 6. Stepping Down from Volunteer Fire Warden Duties If you are no longer able to serve as a fire warden, it is essential that you inform the Manager, Occupational Health and Safety, at ext. 4799. Fire wardens are a key component of the George Brown College emergency preparedness plan and procedures. If possible, please provide a month’s notice so the college can find a replacement and maintain continuity of coverage. Return your fire warden vest to one of the following locations:  First Aid Centre, St. James Campus, 200 King