protocol for cell phones and any other electronic handheld device:  DO NOT CALL or EMAIL or TEXT OUT. Using a cellular device may jam transmission towers and prevent communication between Campus Security and emergency services personnel.  SET YOUR CELLULAR DEVICE TO 'SILENT.’ The ringing or vibrating of your phone may put you at direct risk by signaling your location. (return to top) 61 Updated: November 7, 2012 Emergency Lockdown Instructions All Buildings DO NOT Perimeter 1. Remain inside the building. CALL or EMAIL or TEXT OUT Lockdown 2. Wait for the all-clear signal. on your cellular device. 1. Remain in the room. DO NOT 2. Close and secure the doors. CALL or EMAIL or TEXT OUT 3. Cover all window openings, if on your cellular device. possible. Lockdown DO NOT 4. Turn off the lights. answer the door. 5. Lie on the floor. 6. Stay away from the windows. DO NOT 7. Set cellular device to SILENT. allow anyone to enter or leave the room. 8. Wait for the all-clear signal. (return to top) 62 Updated: November 7, 2012 D. Supporting Employees with Disabilities in Emergencies Employers have a responsibility to provide a safe place for all employees to work, including employees with disabilities. Workplace emergency preparedness and planning are important in meeting this responsibility. Section 27 of Ontario Regulation 191/11 sets out employer responsibilities in this regard as follows: Workplace Emergency Response Information (1) Every employer shall provide individualized workplace emergency response information to employees with disabilities, if the disability is such that the individualized information is necessary and the employer is aware of the need for accommodation due to the employee's disability. (2) If an employee who receives individualized workplace emergency response information requires assistance and with the employee's consent, the employer shall provide the workplace emergency response information to the person designated by the employer to provide assistance to the employee. (3) Employers shall provide the information required under this section as soon as practicable after the employer becomes aware of the need for accommodation due to the employee's disability. (4) Every employer shall review the individualized workplace emergency response information, a) when the employee moves to a different location in the organization; b) when the employee's overall accommodations needs or plans are reviewed; and c) when the employer reviews its general emergency response policies. (5) Every employer shall meet the requirements of this section by January 1, 2012.2 A crisis situation affects everyone differently. George Brown College recognizes that people with disabilities may require additional measures in order to alert them to an emergency or safely evacuate them from a building. Careful consideration of the unique needs of employees with disabilities must be factored into planning emergency response procedures. In emergency situations, employees with disabilities may require individual accommodations to take into account the nature of their disability. For example:  Employees who are Deaf, deafened or hard of hearing may not have the ability to hear auditory alarm systems or spoken instructions.  An employee who is blind or has low vision may not have