A Yes. All doors need to be closed. Q During an evacuation, do students have enough time to remove lab coats? 83 Updated: November 7, 2012 A When an alarm sounds in a building with a 1-stage alarm, the recommended action is always to leave the building immediately. When the SLOW (stage 1) alarm sounds in a building with a 2-stage alarm, students can remove their lab coats in preparation for leaving the building. Under no circumstances can students go to their lockers. Q What are the procedures for the Student Association and vendors? Are they informed of the evacuation procedures, or at least the types of alarms? A They receive the same emergency safety information as everyone else on campus, and fire drills are held each October. Q What is the “all clear” signal? What type of signal is given? A College emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit will tell fire wardens when it is safe to re-enter the building. (return to top) 3. Responsibilities of Volunteer Outdoor Fire Wardens Outdoor fire wardens are assigned to ensure that the exits are kept clear for access by emergency professionals. As an outdoor fire warden, upon hearing the alarm in buildings equipped with a 1-stage auditory alarm, or upon hearing the FAST fire alarm (Stage 2) in buildings equipped with a 2-stage auditory alarm, you must  leave the building immediately.  position yourself at your designated exit.  direct people leaving the building to move a safe distance away from the perimeter of the building and its adjacent areas to provide clear access for emergency professionals.  move away from the building once occupants have stopped exiting. Outdoor fire wardens must not obstruct access to the building for emergency personnel. (return to top) 4. Supporting People who Need Assistance in Evacuating the Building The role of the fire warden is to get occupants out of the building. The fire warden does not wait with someone who needs assistance to evacuate the building. When an alarm is activated, there may be employees, students or visitors in your assigned floor area who need assistance to safely evacuate the building. 84 Updated: November 7, 2012  Employees with disabilities may have individual emergency response plans in place that outline the specific protocol to be followed in case of an emergency. If they are unable to independently and safely evacuate the building, these plans state that they are to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL to wait for assistance from trained emergency professionals.  Students who require assistance to evacuate will be directed by their instructors to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  Visitors to the college who require assistance to evacuate will need to be directed to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Be aware that people who are Deaf, deafened, hard of hearing, ASL /LSQ4 users, and people with speech/language disabilities may be unable to obtain evacuation information from the auditory fire alarms or by using the yellow emergency call boxes or blue emergency pull stations to contact Security.5 In