If you are IN CLASS when the FAST alarm sounds (STAGE 2 - Evacuate) 1. Shut down all equipment in the classroom or laboratory. 2. Evacuate students from the classroom, closing the door(s) of the room behind you. 3. Direct students who need assistance to evacuate the building to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL for the floor.  Tell them to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals who will help with evacuation.  Tell them that you will notify the college personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit that they are waiting for assistance to evacuate. 4. Escort students out of the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. 5. Once outside, direct students to move away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of the building to provide clear access for first responders. 6. Continue to follow emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. If you are NOT IN CLASS when the SLOW alarm sounds (STAGE 1 - Alert): 1. Prepare to leave the building. You may leave the building if you choose to do so. If you are NOT IN CLASS when the FAST alarm sounds (STAGE 2 - Evacuate): 1. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Close all doors behind you. 2. DO NOT use elevators. 3. Once outside, direct bystanders away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of the building to provide clear access for first responders. 4. Continue to follow emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. (return to top) 39 Updated: November 7, 2012 b. For Support Staff and Administration (2-stage Auditory Alarm) If you have staff reporting to you 1. Review the emergency and safety procedures, emergency evacuation instructions for the building, and evacuation routes  with new staff when they are hired.  at least once each academic year with all staff, before the end of September. Click on  Appendix B-1 for a checklist you may find useful for this review.  Table B-2, and then on the building address to jump directly to instructions for a specific building. 2. Develop an individual emergency response plan by the end of September in each academic year for employees with disabilities who request such a plan.  Section D provides information on creating these plans. Upon hearing the SLOW alarm (STAGE 1 - Alert) 1. Prepare to leave the building. You may leave the building if you choose to do so. Upon hearing the FAST alarm (STAGE 2 - Evacuate) 1. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Close all doors behind you. 2. DO NOT use elevators. 3. Once outside, move away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of the building to provide clear access for first responders. 4. Continue to follow the emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building.