College. Membership of the Volunteer Support Team An employer cannot require employees to be part of a volunteer support team. Support team members should be employees who  are regularly located in the same area as the employee with a disability.  volunteer of their own accord to provide assistance to the employee with a disability in an emergency situation.  have a clear understanding of their roles and responsibilities in an emergency situation. If the employee with a disability is comfortable using a volunteer support team, provide an opportunity for the employee to meet with the members of the support team to discuss any concerns and role-play the employee’s individual emergency response plan. Role of the Volunteer Fire Marshal It is NOT the role of the volunteer fire warden to physically evacuate an employee who cannot independently and safely leave the building. In an emergency requiring evacuation, the volunteer fire warden assigned to the floor can help direct the employee with a disability and the support team to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL (designated waiting area), or to an alternate EXIT STAIRWELL if the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL is filled with smoke or otherwise unsafe. d. Try to accommodate the preferences of the employee with a disability. Try to provide the employee’s preferred method of assistance if it will be safe for him or her, and for others. If this isn’t possible, discuss appropriate alternatives with the employee. It’s important that everyone clearly understand the protocol and the reasons behind it. e. Document the employee’s individual emergency response plan. The specific preferences of an employee with a disability regarding how they can best be helped in an emergency situation should be recorded in the employee’s individual emergency response plan. Appendix D-3 contains templates you can use when creating individual emergency response plans for employees with disabilities. Copies of an employee’s individual emergency response plan should be distributed to: 72 Updated: November 7, 2012  Manager, Occupational Health and Safety, 500 Macpherson Ave.  Human Resources, to be put in the employee’s file. f. Communicate and practise the individual emergency response plan. Review the individual emergency response plan with all of the employees in your area so that everyone knows what to expect, what to do and who to notify in an emergency. Provide an opportunity for all employees to practise responding to an emergency situation. When discussing an employee’s individual emergency response plan with co-workers, focus the discussion on the assistance to be provided to the employee with the disability. Respect the employee’s right to privacy and do not discuss or communicate information about the disability. Emergency alarm drills are carried out annually in October. Arrange for the employee with a disability and the volunteer support team to conduct a run-through of the employee’s individual emergency response plan to ensure that roles and responsibilities are clear, and to identify any possible issues that need to be addressed. Role-playing an emergency response is an important way to highlight any gaps in the plan. g. Ensure that the individual emergency response plan is kept up