team. It is rare for co-workers to decline creating a support team for an employee with a disability. However, if no one volunteers in this capacity, you will need to contact the Manager, Occupational Health and Safety, who will work with you and the employee with a disability to designate someone who can provide the required assistance. Role of the Volunteer Support Team It’s important that everyone involved understand the role of the volunteer support team. George Brown College does not want any member of the college community to put himself or herself in danger during an emergency situation. If an employee with a disability cannot safely and independently leave the building in an emergency requiring evacuation, the role of support team members is to  escort the employee to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL (designated waiting area) for the floor, if it is safe to do so, where the employee should wait for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation.  leave the building by the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  proceed to the building’s annunciator panel exit.  notify college emergency personnel stationed there of the location of the employee needing help with evacuation. It is NOT the role of the volunteer support team to physically evacuate an employee who cannot independently and safely leave the building. In other circumstances, where an employee with a disability is physically capable of evacuating the building but requires a different type of support in an evacuation, a support team member might, for example,  guide an employee who is blind or has low vision along the emergency evacuation route to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL and down the stairs.  alert an employee who is Deaf, deafened or hard-of-hearing that an auditory alarm has sounded when there is no visual alarm in the vicinity.  help an employee who has a speech/language disability communicate his or her needs during the emergency.  etc. The nature of the support that a volunteer support team can provide in an emergency should be guided by the needs of the employee with a disability, keeping in mind that at no time is any employee to put himself or herself in danger. 71 Updated: November 7, 2012 Table A-4 lists the location of the annunciator panel exit for each building at George Brown College. Membership of the Volunteer Support Team An employer cannot require employees to be part of a volunteer support team. Support team members should be employees who  are regularly located in the same area as the employee with a disability.  volunteer of their own accord to provide assistance to the employee with a disability in an emergency situation.  have a clear understanding of their roles and responsibilities in an emergency situation. If the employee with a disability is comfortable using a volunteer support team, provide an opportunity for the employee to meet with the members of the support team to discuss any concerns and role-play the employee’s individual emergency response plan. Role of the Volunteer Fire Marshal It is NOT the role of the volunteer