the door and open it carefully.  If, upon opening the door, you detect smoke, air pressure or a hot draft, close the door quickly and proceed to an alternate exit STAIRWELL. 10. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  DO NOT use elevators. The elevators are designed to ground during an alarm 11. Once outside, proceed to the building’s annunciator panel exit. Table A-4 lists the location of the annunciator panel exits for all buildings. 82 Updated: November 7, 2012  Report the exact location of occupants who need assistance to evacuate the building to the college emergency personnel stationed there.  DO NOT re-enter the building. 12. Move away from the perimeter of the building to provide clear access for emergency first responders. 13. Direct bystanders to move a safe distance away from the perimeter of the building and adjacent areas (generally across the street). 14. Continue to follow emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. Note that emergency alarm drills are held every October to practise emergency evacuation procedures. e. FAQ: Alerting people who are Deaf, deafened or hard-of-hearing. Q Should fire wardens have signs to alert Deaf, deafened and hard of hearing occupants in an emergency? A The fire warden vests serve as signs. This manual informs faculty, continuing education instructors, support staff and administrators that fire wardens will be wearing identifying vests in an emergency. Faculty and continuing education instructors will inform students when they review the emergency evacuation instructions at the beginning of the semester. Q What is the college protocol around ensuring that Deaf, deafened or hard-of-hearing staff or students have evacuated the washrooms in the event of a fire alarm? A While some buildings are equipped with visual alarm systems in some areas of the building, there are no visual alarms in the washrooms. In an emergency requiring evacuation, fire wardens will check washrooms in their assigned coverage areas. f. FAQ: Evacuation procedures. Q Is there a specific evacuation time limit? A No. However it’s important for occupants to exit quickly, safely and in an orderly manner. Q Some doors (such as those in childcare) lock with codes. Do we (faculty and staff) still shut those doors behind us? A Yes. All doors need to be closed. Q During an evacuation, do students have enough time to remove lab coats? 83 Updated: November 7, 2012 A When an alarm sounds in a building with a 1-stage alarm, the recommended action is always to leave the building immediately. When the SLOW (stage 1) alarm sounds in a building with a 2-stage alarm, students can remove their lab coats in preparation for leaving the building. Under no circumstances can students go to their lockers. Q What are the procedures for the Student Association and vendors? Are they informed of the evacuation procedures, or at least the types of alarms? A They receive the same emergency safety information as everyone else on campus, and fire drills are held each October.