Employers in Ontario have a responsibility to provide a safe place for all employees to work. George Brown College has established systems and procedures to help ensure everyone’s safety on our campuses during an emergency. These include  24-Hour security service.  Take 5 for Safety initiative.  dial 9-911 on college phone system to contact emergency services.  auditory alarm systems in all buildings.  visual alarm systems in some areas of some buildings.  yellow emergency call boxes to contact Security in all buildings on the St. James, Casa Loma and Waterfront campuses; blue emergency pull stations on the Ryerson campus.  evacuation drills held annually each fall to test the alarm systems and evacuation procedures.  signage inside elevators, outside elevators and at the yellow emergency call boxes about how to summon assistance.  volunteer fire wardens.  First Aid stations on the St. James, Casa Loma, Waterfront and Ryerson campuses. (return to top) a. Emergency Information by Building We recommend that faculty, continuing education instructors, staff and students ensure they are familiar with the information that follows as it pertains to the buildings where they work or learn (click on the links to jump directly to each table):  location of emergency exit: NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. (All buildings)  location of designated waiting area: NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. (All buildings)  emergency phone numbers and contact information for your building. (Table A-2)  location of the 24-hour security desk for your campus. (Table A-2)  location of First Aid station on your campus. (Table A-2)  location of emergency call boxes or pull stations on your campus. (Table A-3) Emergency information for the Young Centre for the Performing Arts, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and George Brown College Childcare Centres is specific to those centres. Emergency information is provided separately to staff and students using these buildings. 23 Updated: November 7, 2012 b. Emergency Call Boxes Table A-3 provides the location of the emergency call boxes or pull stations in each building, by campus. St. James, Casa Loma and Waterfront Campuses On the St. James, Casa Loma and Waterfront campuses, YELLOW emergency call boxes and emergency phones in the elevators allow you to contact Security directly. These lines are monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Security responds to all calls and will call for first aid or emergency services (911) backup if required. Ryerson Campus The Ryerson campus features BLUE emergency pull stations, similar to fire alarm pull stations. c. Signage All buildings feature signage posted inside each elevator, outside each elevator and beside the yellow emergency call boxes detailing how to communicate in the event of an emergency when verbal communication is impossible. (return to top) 24 Updated: November 7, 2012 Table A-2: Emergency Phone Numbers and Contact Information 9-911 on college phone FIRE • POLICE • AMBULANCE DIAL 911 on cell phone St. James Campus 416-415-5000 Campus Manager ext. 2363 SJA bldg, 200 King Street E, rm 209B 416-415-4000 Security SJA bldg, 200 King St E, front lobby (non-urgent: ext. 8000) 416-415-4000 First Aid Centre