assistance in an emergency to identify themselves to the college. Twice a year, the college will ask all employees whether they require assistance in an emergency.  Self-identification is voluntary; the purpose of the request is to gather information to provide safe assistance should an emergency occur.  For employees, self-identification means informing their manager that they would like an individual emergency response plan to be put in place. Once an employee has self-identified with his or her manager, the manager will then work with the employee to develop an individual emergency response plan that includes, as appropriate, specific information about  means of communication.  evacuation procedures.  assistance during a lockdown. Appendix D-1 provides a summary of the process for managers. Appendix D-2 provides a summary of the process for employees with disabilities. (return to top) 65 Updated: November 7, 2012 2. Review college policies for assisting others in an emergency. George Brown College has established policies around the protocol for providing assistance to others during an emergency:  No member of the college community should put himself or herself at risk at any time.  People who cannot independently and safely leave a building should NOT be evacuated by volunteers. They should wait for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. a. Clarifying the role of volunteer fire wardens A network of volunteer fire wardens is in place at George Brown College to provide general assistance in the event of an emergency. In an emergency requiring evacuation, the role of fire wardens is to  conduct a thorough search of their designated floor area to ensure all building occupants are alerted to the emergency.  direct people to leave the building immediately using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  direct people who need assistance in evacuating the building to the designated waiting area – the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL on that floor – if it is safe to do so.  notify college emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit of the exact location of people needing help with evacuation. Volunteer fire wardens do not have the professional training to physically evacuate people during an emergency. People who need this assistance must wait for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. Section D provides more information about volunteer fire wardens at George Brown College. (return to top) 66 Updated: November 7, 2012 3. Address the individual needs of employees with disabilities. Should an emergency occur, employees with disabilities may need specific assistance as a result of the nature of their disability or the circumstances of the emergency. Managers will need to address the needs of such employees individually.  Focusing on understanding the kinds of barriers that employees with disabilities can anticipate during an emergency situation will help inform managers about the individual accommodations that may be necessary to ensure the employee’s safety.  Everyone needs to be engaged in this process. Invite the employee with a disability to express any specific needs they think may arise during an emergency. The guidelines that follow offer some suggestions about factors