are expected to conduct daily visual checks of your assigned floor area and report fire hazards immediately to the Campus Manager’s office:  St. James: (416) 415-5000 ext. 2363.  Casa Loma: (416) 415-5000 ext. 4529.  Waterfront: (416) 415-5000 ext. 3374.  Ryerson: Security 9-416-979-5000 ext. 5001/5040. If you’re going to be away from campus, arrange for someone to replace you during your absence and lend them your fire warden vest for the duration of your absence. c. Be visible in an emergency. When the alarm sounds, fire wardens should put on their fire warden vests. Vests can be picked up from the First Aid Centre at the St. James or Casa Loma campus. d. Follow approved emergency evacuation procedures. In the event of an emergency, you are expected to 81 Updated: November 7, 2012 1. Make decisions regarding occupant safety, and direct occupants to safe areas as appropriate to the situation. 2. Conduct a thorough search of your assigned floor area to ensure all occupants are alerted to the emergency. 3. Direct occupants to leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. 4. Direct occupants to NOT USE the elevators. 5. Direct occupants who need assistance to evacuate to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL (designated waiting area) for your floor.  Tell them to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals who will help with evacuation.  Tell them you will alert college emergency personnel to their location. 6. Note the exact location of occupants who will require assistance to evacuate the building such as, for example,  floor number.  office or room number.  workstation number or location.  EXIT STAIRWELL number.  exit number. 7. Check the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL before you leave the floor, if it is safe to do so, to determine whether occupants are waiting for assistance to evacuate. 8. Check the washrooms on your floor to determine whether employees who are Deaf, deafened or hard of hearing need to be alerted to the emergency. 9. Proceed with CAUTION before opening a door. Feel the door, and then the doorknob, for the presence of heat.  If you detect heat, do not open the door. Proceed to an alternate exit STAIRWELL.  If there is no presence of heat, brace yourself against the door and open it carefully.  If, upon opening the door, you detect smoke, air pressure or a hot draft, close the door quickly and proceed to an alternate exit STAIRWELL. 10. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  DO NOT use elevators. The elevators are designed to ground during an alarm 11. Once outside, proceed to the building’s annunciator panel exit. Table A-4 lists the location of the annunciator panel exits for all buildings. 82 Updated: November 7, 2012  Report the exact location of occupants who need assistance to evacuate the building to the college emergency personnel stationed there.  DO NOT re-enter the building. 12. Move away from the perimeter of the building to provide clear access for emergency first responders. 13.