George Brown College Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures Developed by George Brown College Updated: November 7, 2012 Table of Contents by Topic Press CTRL and click on the link if you’re looking for:  Alarm systems in specific buildings; general information about auditory and visual alarms.  Annunciator panel exits in specific buildings.  Contact information and phone numbers.  Evacuation instructions for specific buildings.  Evacuation procedures during class time in a  1-stage alarm building.  2-stage alarm building.  Evacuation procedures for faculty and continuing education instructors in a  1-stage alarm building.  2-stage alarm building.  Evacuation procedures for support staff and administration in a  1-stage alarm building.  2-stage alarm building.  Individual emergency response plans for employees with disabilities; templates for creating individual emergency response plans.  Lockdown procedures.  Take 5 for Safety information for specific buildings; starting every meeting and class with Take 5 for Safety.  Visual alarm status of campus buildings.  Volunteer fire wardens. This document contains embedded links throughout the text to help you quickly navigate to the information you’re seeking. Press CTRL and click on the link to move directly to the item. (return to top) 1 Updated: November 7, 2012 Table of Contents by Section Press CTRL and click on the line of text or page number to move directly to a section. A. General Information 3 1. Take 5 for Safety 3 2. Be aware of campus emergency systems and procedures. 23 3. Know the alarm systems in the buildings you frequent. 29 4. Review the emergency evacuation instructions for your building. 32 B. Emergency Evacuation Procedures 34 1. Emergency Evacuation Procedures: 1-Stage Auditory Alarm 35 2. Emergency Evacuation Procedures: 2-Stage Auditory Alarm 38 3. Emergency Evacuation Instructions by Building 41 Appendix B-1: Emergency Preparedness Checklist for Managers 59 C. Emergency Lockdown Procedures 60 1. Two Lockdown Procedures 60 2. Ban on Use of Cellular Devices 61 D. Supporting Employees with Disabilities in Emergencies 63 1. An employee with a disability must self-identify. 65 2. Review college policies for assisting others in an emergency. 66 3. Address the individual needs of employees with disabilities. 67 4. Create an individual emergency response plan with the employee. 70 Appendix D-1: Creating an IERP: Suggested Approach for Managers 74 Appendix D-2: Creating an IERP: Suggested Approach for Employees 75 Appendix D-3: IERP Templates 76 E. Information for Volunteer Fire Wardens 80 1. Fire Alarm Systems at George Brown College 81 2. Responsibilities of Volunteer Fire Wardens 81 3. Responsibilities of Volunteer Outdoor Fire Wardens 84 4. Supporting People who Need Assistance in Evacuating the Building 84 5. If Heavy Smoke, Fire or Obstacles Prevent Evacuation 86 6. Stepping Down from Volunteer Fire Warden Duties 86 2 Updated: November 7, 2012 A. General Information Everyone at George Brown College has a responsibility to follow the college’s emergency procedures should an emergency such as fire, flooding, chemical spill, building collapse, etc. occur. An important part of this responsibility is committing to “Take 5 for Safety” at the beginning of every