Table A-3: Location of Emergency Call Boxes by Campus (continued) Waterfront Campus 51 Dockside Drive INTERNAL West hallway, across from rm 005 Concourse East hallway, across from Student Services Floor 1 Elevator lobby Hallway, east of the elevator corridor Floors 2-7 Hallway, west of the elevator corridor Library Floor 5, south end facing the lake Learning Floor 6, south end facing the lake Commons EXTERNAL East side of building, on the perimeter of the property, across from the entrance doors (yellow pillar and box) Street level South side of building, on the perimeter of the property, across from the entrance door (yellow pillar and box) 7th floor On the pillar just outside doors patio Ryerson Campus 99 Gerrard St E 5th floor 6th floor (return to top) 28 Updated: November 7, 2012 3. Know the alarm systems in the buildings you frequent. a. Two Auditory Alarm Systems George Brown College uses two auditory alarm systems. Different buildings use different systems. Table A-4 lists the alarm systems in place at each building. Everyone on campus should know which auditory alarm system is used in the buildings they visit regularly. 1-stage Auditory Alarm System In buildings with a 1-stage auditory alarm system, upon hearing the alarm, occupants must leave the building immediately. 2-stage Auditory Alarm System Stage 1: The SLOW alarm provides a warning that occupants should prepare to leave the building. Evacuation is not necessary, but you may leave the building if you choose to do so. Stage 2: The FAST alarm signals immediate evacuation. Upon hearing the FAST alarm, occupants must leave the building immediately. You can visit INSITE to hear the 2-stage alarm sounds. First, access INSITE from your computer. Then,  Click on Human Resources on the left side of the screen.  Go to HR Services and click on Occupational Health and Safety.  Go to Fire Safety.  Scroll down to, for example, Occupant Fire Safety Plan Emergency Evacuation Instructions: 2 Stage - St. James.  Find the highlighted words stage 1 alarm and stage 2 alarm  Click on either stage 1 alarm or stage 2 alarm to hear the alarm sound. (return to top) b. Visual Alarm Systems As part of its ongoing commitment to safety and emergency preparedness, George Brown College is equipping buildings with a visual alarm system consisting of flashing strobe lights to help alert people who are Deaf, deafened and hard-of-hearing to an emergency situation. Table A-4 identifies the buildings that currently contain a visual alarm system.  Note that visual alarm systems are not installed in every area of these buildings. 29 Updated: November 7, 2012  Washrooms in these buildings are not equipped with visual alarms. George Brown College is committed to increasing the coverage of its visual alarm systems as buildings are renovated or acquired. One Type of Display Individuals who rely on a visual alarm system, and who are located in a building with a 2- stage auditory alarm system, should note that the flashing lights have only one type of display.  The lights begin flashing at