for the floor.  Tell the student to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals who will help them evacuate.  Tell the student that you will notify the college personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit that the student is waiting for assistance to evacuate. 4. Escort students out of the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Close all doors behind you. 5. Once outside, direct students to move away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of all alarmed buildings to provide clear access for emergency services. 6. Continue to follow emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. If you are NOT IN CLASS when the alarm sounds 1. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. 2. Once outside, direct people away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of all alarmed buildings to provide clear access for emergency first responders. 3. Continue to follow emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. (return to top) 36 Updated: November 7, 2012 b. For Support Staff and Administration (1-stage Auditory Alarm) If you have staff reporting to you 1. Review the college emergency and safety procedures, emergency evacuation instructions for the building, and evacuation routes  with new staff when they are hired.  at least once each year with all staff, before the end of September. Click on  Appendix B-1 for a checklist you may find useful for this review.  Table B-1, then click on the building address, to jump directly to instructions for a specific building. 2. Develop an individual emergency response plan by the end of September in each academic year for employees with disabilities who request such a plan.  Section D provides information on creating these plans. 3. Review an employee’s individual emergency response plan annually by the end of September. When the alarm sounds 1. Ensure equipment in your area is shut down. 2. If someone cannot safely and independently evacuate the building, direct them or help them proceed to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL for the floor, if it is safe to do so.  Tell them to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation.  Tell them you will notify the college emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit that they are waiting for assistance. 3. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Close all doors behind you. 4. DO NOT use elevators. 5. Once outside, direct people away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of the building to provide clear access for first responders. 6. Follow the emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. (return to top) 37 Updated: November 7, 2012 2. Emergency Evacuation Procedures: 2-Stage Auditory Alarm Table B-2: Buildings with 2-stage Auditory Alarm Systems Waterfront Campus Ryerson