reviews its general emergency response policies. (5) Every employer shall meet the requirements of this section by January 1, 2012.2 A crisis situation affects everyone differently. George Brown College recognizes that people with disabilities may require additional measures in order to alert them to an emergency or safely evacuate them from a building. Careful consideration of the unique needs of employees with disabilities must be factored into planning emergency response procedures. In emergency situations, employees with disabilities may require individual accommodations to take into account the nature of their disability. For example:  Employees who are Deaf, deafened or hard of hearing may not have the ability to hear auditory alarm systems or spoken instructions.  An employee who is blind or has low vision may not have the ability to visually identify escape routes, directional information, objects or hazards, or read posted instructions or signage. 2O. Reg. 191/11 (s.27). 63 Updated: November 7, 2012  An employee who has a physical/mobility disability may not have the ability to independently leave the workplace, use the stairs, open doors or lie down on the floor.  An employee who has a speech/language disability, such as difficulty with articulation, voice strength, language expression or total loss of speech, may not have the ability to communicate clearly in an emergency situation.  An employee with a disability may need additional time or assistance to respond to an order to evacuate as a result of their disability and the characteristics of the emergency. Individual accommodations to address circumstances like these need to be considered at the outset when developing emergency response plans. This section outlines procedures for supporting people with disabilities located on any of our campuses during an emergency. Information is provided for  managers who may need to put an individual emergency response plan in place for employees with disabilities who request such a plan.  employees with disabilities who are looking for information about how they can be supported safely in an emergency. Information relating to emergency and safety procedures must be made available in an appropriate alternative format to employees with disabilities upon their request. (return to top) 64 Updated: November 7, 2012 1. An employee with a disability must self-identify. George Brown College asks all employees, including those with disabilities, who may need assistance in an emergency to identify themselves to the college. Twice a year, the college will ask all employees whether they require assistance in an emergency.  Self-identification is voluntary; the purpose of the request is to gather information to provide safe assistance should an emergency occur.  For employees, self-identification means informing their manager that they would like an individual emergency response plan to be put in place. Once an employee has self-identified with his or her manager, the manager will then work with the employee to develop an individual emergency response plan that includes, as appropriate, specific information about  means of communication.  evacuation procedures.  assistance during a lockdown. Appendix D-1 provides a summary of the process for managers. Appendix D-2 provides a summary