Loma and Waterfront campuses; pull stations are blue at Ryerson campus. Signage inside elevators, outside elevators and near emergency call boxes providing information about how to summon assistance. Opportunity for employees with disabilities to have an individual emergency response plan put in place. (return to top) 59 Updated: November 7, 2012 C. Emergency Lockdown Procedures If George Brown College becomes aware of an active threat, a lockdown situation may be initiated. An active threat is defined as the expressed potential for a harmful event, such as an attack, to occur. George Brown College uses two lockdown procedures. 1. Two Lockdown Procedures a. Perimeter Lockdown Perimeter lockdown keeps occupants contained in a building while permitting them to move within the building. Perimeter lockdown will be initiated when an event occurs outside a building that poses a safety risk to occupants. A perimeter lockdown restricts access or exit to a building, but allows occupants to move within the building.  In some situations, this may include securing exterior doors and monitoring entrances to allow access or exit only to people authorized by Campus Security. Directions for building occupants and the all-clear signal will be broadcast using the public address feature of the phone system in all buildings, and will be shown on the flat screen monitors mounted in some hallways of some buildings. b. Lockdown Lockdown is an extreme action to provide safety for students, faculty and staff. During a lockdown, occupants are restricted from moving around the building. No one is to leave the room, answer the door, or allow anyone to enter or leave the room or the building itself.  Faculty, continuing education instructors and staff are expected to  close and secure the doors to their classrooms or offices.  cover all window openings in the room, if possible.  turn off the lights.  direct people in the room to lie on the floor and stay away from the windows. Directions for building occupants and the all-clear signal will be broadcast using the public address feature of the phone system in all buildings, and will be shown on the flat screen monitors mounted in some hallways of some buildings. (return to top) 60 Updated: November 7, 2012 2. Ban on Use of Cellular Devices During any lockdown situation, please follow this protocol for cell phones and any other electronic handheld device:  DO NOT CALL or EMAIL or TEXT OUT. Using a cellular device may jam transmission towers and prevent communication between Campus Security and emergency services personnel.  SET YOUR CELLULAR DEVICE TO 'SILENT.’ The ringing or vibrating of your phone may put you at direct risk by signaling your location. (return to top) 61 Updated: November 7, 2012 Emergency Lockdown Instructions All Buildings DO NOT Perimeter 1. Remain inside the building. CALL or EMAIL or TEXT OUT Lockdown 2. Wait for the all-clear signal. on your cellular device. 1. Remain in the room. DO NOT 2. Close and secure the doors. CALL or EMAIL or TEXT OUT 3. Cover all window openings, if on your cellular device.