for all employees to practise responding to an emergency situation. When discussing an employee’s individual emergency response plan with co-workers, focus the discussion on the assistance to be provided to the employee with the disability. Respect the employee’s right to privacy and do not discuss or communicate information about the disability. Emergency alarm drills are carried out annually in October. Arrange for the employee with a disability and the volunteer support team to conduct a run-through of the employee’s individual emergency response plan to ensure that roles and responsibilities are clear, and to identify any possible issues that need to be addressed. Role-playing an emergency response is an important way to highlight any gaps in the plan. g. Ensure that the individual emergency response plan is kept up to date. Once an individual emergency response plan is created, the information should be updated as follows:  annually, no later than September 30 of each calendar year.  whenever a change in work-related or disability-related circumstances dictates a change in the plan (for example, if there is a change in the nature of assistance the employee needs).  when the college’s emergency-related systems or procedures change. (return to top) 73 Updated: November 7, 2012 Appendix D-1: Creating an IERP: Suggested Approach for Managers When An employee self-identifies as a person with a disability. Ask Does the employee wish to have an individual emergency response plan in place? If yes  Consult with the Manager, Occupational Health and Safety, ext. 4799, to identify existing college policies and procedures.  Consult with the employee to identify the employee’s disability-related needs in an emergency that requires evacuation or lockdown.  Develop the individual emergency response plan in consultation with the employee.  Identify a volunteer support team, if appropriate.  Communicate the individual emergency response plan to all employees in your area.  Practise the individual emergency response plan.  Provide a copy of the individual emergency response plan to  Human Resources, to be placed in the employee’s file.  Manager, Occupational Health and Safety.  the employee.  Review the individual emergency response plan annually in consultation with the employee  annually, no later than September 30 in each calendar year.  whenever there are changes to the employee’s work situation or disability-related needs.  when the college’s safety or emergency protocols change. If no  Discuss the support available to the employee in case it is needed in the future.  Make sure that the employee understands the emergency evacuation protocol when an individual cannot safely evacuate the building on their own.  Review the decision  annually, no later than September 30 in each calendar year.  sooner, if there are changes to the employee’s work situation or disability-related needs.  when the college’s safety or emergency protocols change. (return to top) 74 Updated: November 7, 2012 Appendix D-2: Creating an IERP: Suggested Approach for Employees When You have a self-identified to your manager as a person with a disability. Decide Do you want to have an individual emergency response plan in