Identify the components of the individual emergency response plan. An employee’s individual emergency response plan should include  the specific protocol for assisting with the safe evacuation of the employee.  the designated waiting area where the employee should wait for trained emergency professionals to assist with evacuation: The NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL on each floor serves as the designated waiting area in an emergency.  how college emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit will be notified that the employee is waiting for assistance to evacuate.  the method of communication in an emergency, if applicable.  the specific safety protocol to be followed in a lockdown situation, if it would be different from the general protocol to be followed by all employees. b. Consult with the Manager, Occupational Health and Safety. Once an employee with a disability self-identifies by requesting an individual emergency response plan, his or her manager should consult with the Manager, Occupational Health and Safety, to help develop the plan in consultation with the employee. This will help ensure that the employee’s individual emergency response plan will align with existing college emergency policies and procedures.  Manager, Occupational Health and Safety: ext. 4799. c. Consider establishing a volunteer support team. If an employee with a disability has an individual workplace emergency response plan that specifies that assistance will be required in an emergency situation, the legislation makes it clear that it is the college’s responsibility to designate someone to provide that assistance: (2) If an employee who receives individualized workplace emergency response information requires assistance and with the employee's consent, the employer shall provide the workplace emergency response information to the person designated by the employer to provide assistance to the employee.3 To satisfy this legislative requirement, and with the employee’s consent, you may find it helpful to set up a volunteer support team, separate from the system of volunteer fire wardens at George Brown College, to provide the required assistance. A team approach will help provide continuity when members of the support team are absent. 3 From Section 27. 70 Updated: November 7, 2012 It is important to understand that an employer cannot force employees to be part of a support team. Support teams should be made up of volunteers who want to be part of the team. It is rare for co-workers to decline creating a support team for an employee with a disability. However, if no one volunteers in this capacity, you will need to contact the Manager, Occupational Health and Safety, who will work with you and the employee with a disability to designate someone who can provide the required assistance. Role of the Volunteer Support Team It’s important that everyone involved understand the role of the volunteer support team. George Brown College does not want any member of the college community to put himself or herself in danger during an emergency situation. If an employee with a disability cannot safely and independently leave the building in an emergency requiring evacuation, the role of support team members is to  escort the