Ontario Regulation 213/07, November 21, 2007. 34 Updated: November 7, 2012 1. Emergency Evacuation Procedures: 1-Stage Auditory Alarm Table B-1: Buildings with 1-stage Auditory Alarm Systems St James Campus Casa Loma Campus All Buildings All Buildings SJA bldg, 200 King St E B bldg, 175 Kendal Ave SJB bldg, 300 Adelaide St E C bldg, 160 Kendal Ave SJC bldg, 290 Adelaide St E D bldg, 1 Dartnell Ave SJD bldg, 215 King St E E bldg, 146 Kendal Ave SJE bldg, 230 Richmond St E F bldg, 500 MacPherson Ave SJF bldg, 210 King St E SJG bldg, 193 King St E SJH bldg, 341 King St E 207 Adelaide St E 264 Adelaide St E (return to top) a. For Faculty and Continuing Education Instructors (1-stage Auditory Alarm) At the beginning of each semester 1. Distribute the Emergency Evacuation Instructions for the building to the class.  Click on the building address in Table B-1 to jump directly to instructions for a specific building. 2. Review the evacuation instructions and routes with the students. Identify the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL as the emergency exit and designated waiting area for the building. 3. Explain that a volunteer fire warden on each floor can help direct them in an emergency situation. Fire wardens will be wearing identifying vests. 4. Describe the protocol for anyone who may need assistance to safely evacuate the building in an emergency:  Proceed to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL on that floor. This is the designated waiting area.  Wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. 35 Updated: November 7, 2012 5. Inform students that first responders will check EXIT STAIRWELLs first for people who are waiting for assistance to evacuate. At the beginning of each class 1. Review the Take 5 for Safety information for the building with the class.  Click on Table A-1 then click on the building address to access this information for a specific building. If you are IN CLASS when the alarm sounds 1. Shut down all equipment in the classroom or laboratory. 2. Evacuate students from the classroom, closing the door(s) of the room behind you. 3. Direct any student who needs assistance to safely evacuate the building to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL for the floor.  Tell the student to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals who will help them evacuate.  Tell the student that you will notify the college personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit that the student is waiting for assistance to evacuate. 4. Escort students out of the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Close all doors behind you. 5. Once outside, direct students to move away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of all alarmed buildings to provide clear access for emergency services. 6. Continue to follow emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. If you are NOT IN CLASS when the