Yes Main entrance to 146 Kendal Ave E bldg, 146 Kendal Ave 1-stage Yes 500 MacPherson Ave 1-stage No Main entrance on MacPherson Ave Waterfront Campus 51 Dockside Dr 2-stage Yes Main entrance Ryerson Campus 99 Gerrard St E 2-stage Yes Main entrance (return to top) 31 Updated: November 7, 2012 4. Review the emergency evacuation instructions for your building. Emergency and safety policies at George Brown College require everyone, including people with disabilities, to evacuate a building  when the alarm is activated in a building with a 1-stage alarm.  when the FAST (Stage 2) alarm is activated in a building with a 2-stage alarm.  when the lights are flashing on a visual alarm system, for those who rely on a visual alarm. In the event that an emergency requires evacuation, follow these four general instructions:  Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  DO NOT use elevators.  Move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL if you need assistance to evacuate safely.  Remain in a safe location if the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe. (return to top) a. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. In an emergency, every EXIT STAIRWELL in every building serves as an emergency exit. b. DO NOT use elevators. Elevators are not to be used in an emergency. c. Move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL if you need assistance to evacuate safely. In each building, the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL on each floor serves as the designated waiting area for those who cannot evacuate without assistance. People who need assistance to safely evacuate the building should move to the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL on that floor and wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals to safely evacuate them.  If the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe, a volunteer fire warden may be able to direct you to an alternate location to safely await trained emergency professionals.  The volunteer fire warden will notify the emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit of the location where you are waiting. Volunteer fire wardens are not trained emergency professionals. If you need assistance to evacuate safely, you must wait for trained emergency professionals to help you. 32 Updated: November 7, 2012 d. Remain in a safe location if the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe. In the event of an emergency where safe evacuation is not possible and the nearest EXIT STAIRWELL is unsafe, position yourself in a safe alternate location.  If you can, notify the volunteer fire warden of your location.  If that is not possible, dial 9-911 on the college phone or 911 on your cell phone to notify emergency personnel of your location. If you are aware that someone is waiting for assistance to evacuate, once you are outside the building you should  proceed to the building’s annunciator panel exit.  inform the college emergency personnel stationed there of the individual’s exact location. Table A-4 lists the location of the annunciator panel exits for each building. (return to top) 33 Updated: November 7,