George Brown College. (return to top) 66 Updated: November 7, 2012 3. Address the individual needs of employees with disabilities. Should an emergency occur, employees with disabilities may need specific assistance as a result of the nature of their disability or the circumstances of the emergency. Managers will need to address the needs of such employees individually.  Focusing on understanding the kinds of barriers that employees with disabilities can anticipate during an emergency situation will help inform managers about the individual accommodations that may be necessary to ensure the employee’s safety.  Everyone needs to be engaged in this process. Invite the employee with a disability to express any specific needs they think may arise during an emergency. The guidelines that follow offer some suggestions about factors to consider when drawing up an individual emergency response plan for employees with disabilities. a. Deaf, deafened or hard of hearing employees Deaf, deafened or hard of hearing employees may not hear auditory emergency alarms. Even though many buildings on campus are equipped with a visual alarm (flashing strobe lights) in some areas, these employees will need an alternative method of communication to alert them to an emergency situation, particularly if they are located in an area where they may be isolated and there is no visual alarm. b. Deafblind employees Deafblind employees may not hear auditory emergency alarms and may not be able to see visual alarms such as flashing lights. These employees will need an alternative method of communication to alert them to an emergency situation. c. Employees with learning disabilities Employers have a responsibility to ensure that all employees are familiar with the procedures and protocol to be followed in an emergency situation. While many employees with learning disabilities may not need an individual emergency response plan, they may need to have emergency response information provided to them in an accessible format. Some employees with learning disabilities may require that this information be provided in plain language, or in a format that allows them to use assistive devices such as text-to-voice software. 67 Updated: November 7, 2012 d. Employees with physical/mobility disabilities Although some employees with physical/mobility disabilities may use a wheelchair, scooter or other mobility device, some may not. In either case, they may not be able to safely and independently leave the building if an evacuation is required, and they may need assistance in moving to the designated waiting area, where they are to wait for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. They may have difficulty in complying with a directive to lie on the floor in a lockdown situation, and may need to identify a safe alternative. e. Employees with speech/language disabilities Employees with speech/language disabilities may not have the ability to articulate important information during an emergency situation. In these circumstances, they may need an alternative method of communication. f. Employees who are blind or have low vision Employees who are blind or have low vision will be familiar with their immediate workplace surroundings and their frequently traveled routes. If the route to be taken in