landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation.  Tell them you will notify the college emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit that they are waiting for assistance. 3. Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. Close all doors behind you. 4. DO NOT use elevators. 5. Once outside, direct people away from the perimeter and adjacent areas of the building to provide clear access for first responders. 6. Follow the emergency evacuation procedures until the evacuation is complete, the alarm is silenced and reset, and authorities give permission to re-enter the building. (return to top) 37 Updated: November 7, 2012 2. Emergency Evacuation Procedures: 2-Stage Auditory Alarm Table B-2: Buildings with 2-stage Auditory Alarm Systems Waterfront Campus Ryerson Campus 51 Dockside Drive 99 Gerrard St E (return to top) a. For Faculty and Continuing Education Instructors (2-stage Auditory Alarm) At the beginning of each semester 1. Distribute the Emergency Evacuation Instructions for the building to each class.  Click on the building address in Table B-2 above to jump directly to instructions for a specific building. 2. Review the instructions and evacuation routes with the students. Identify the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL as the emergency exit and designated waiting area for the building. 3. Explain that a volunteer fire warden on each floor can help direct them in an emergency situation. Fire wardens will be wearing identifying vests. 4. Describe the protocol for anyone who may need assistance to safely evacuate the building:  Proceed to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL on that floor. This is the designated waiting area.  Wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. 5. Inform students that first responders will check EXIT STAIRWELLs first for people who are waiting for assistance to evacuate. At the beginning of each class 1. Review the Take 5 for Safety information for the building with the class.  Click on Table A-1, and then click on the building address to access this information for a specific building 38 Updated: November 7, 2012 If you are IN CLASS when the SLOW alarm sounds (STAGE 1 - Alert) 1. Direct students to prepare to leave the building. They may leave the building if they choose to do so. If you are IN CLASS when the FAST alarm sounds (STAGE 2 - Evacuate) 1. Shut down all equipment in the classroom or laboratory. 2. Evacuate students from the classroom, closing the door(s) of the room behind you. 3. Direct students who need assistance to evacuate the building to move to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL for the floor.  Tell them to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals who will help with evacuation.  Tell them that you will notify the college personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit that they are waiting for assistance to evacuate. 4. Escort students out of the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL. 5. Once outside, direct students to move away from the perimeter and