the building immediately using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL if it is safe to do so.  direct people who need help in evacuating the building to the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL (designated waiting area), and instruct them to wait on the landing inside the EXIT STAIRWELL for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation, if it is safe to do so.  direct people to an alternate EXIT STAIRWELL if the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL is filled with smoke, impassable or otherwise unsafe.  Leave the building using the NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL.  Notify college personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit of the exact location of people needing help with evacuation. Volunteer fire wardens do NOT have the professional training to physically evacuate people who need assistance in leaving the building. People who need this assistance must wait for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. The landings inside the EXIT STAIRWELLs on each floor of each building serve as designated waiting areas for people who require assistance. The college provides volunteer fire wardens with training that addresses  college emergency and fire safety systems and procedures.  how to direct people in an emergency situation.  what to do once a person who needs assistance to evacuate has been directed to a safe designated waiting area to await trained emergency professionals. (return to top) 80 Updated: November 7, 2012 1. Fire Alarm Systems at George Brown College George Brown College uses 2 different auditory fire alarm systems in its buildings. Some buildings are equipped with a 2-stage auditory alarm; others with a 1-stage auditory alarm. A visual alarm system is in place in some buildings. Fire wardens should review the explanation of the auditory and visual alarm systems presented in Section A-3, and ensure they know the type of alarm systems that are active in their building as listed in Table A-4. (return to top) 2. Responsibilities of Volunteer Fire Wardens a. Maintain personal safety at all times.  Fire wardens must not put their personal safety at risk at any time.  Fire wardens must not try to evacuate individuals who cannot safely and independently leave a building.  Fire wardens must not to try to fight fires. b. Carry out daily checks and report fire hazards. As a fire warden, you are expected to conduct daily visual checks of your assigned floor area and report fire hazards immediately to the Campus Manager’s office:  St. James: (416) 415-5000 ext. 2363.  Casa Loma: (416) 415-5000 ext. 4529.  Waterfront: (416) 415-5000 ext. 3374.  Ryerson: Security 9-416-979-5000 ext. 5001/5040. If you’re going to be away from campus, arrange for someone to replace you during your absence and lend them your fire warden vest for the duration of your absence. c. Be visible in an emergency. When the alarm sounds, fire wardens should put on their fire warden vests. Vests can be picked up from the First Aid Centre at the St. James or Casa Loma campus. d. Follow approved emergency evacuation procedures. In the event of an emergency, you