the building if an evacuation is required, and they may need assistance in moving to the designated waiting area, where they are to wait for trained emergency professionals to help with evacuation. They may have difficulty in complying with a directive to lie on the floor in a lockdown situation, and may need to identify a safe alternative. e. Employees with speech/language disabilities Employees with speech/language disabilities may not have the ability to articulate important information during an emergency situation. In these circumstances, they may need an alternative method of communication. f. Employees who are blind or have low vision Employees who are blind or have low vision will be familiar with their immediate workplace surroundings and their frequently traveled routes. If the route to be taken in an emergency is different from the commonly traveled routes, these employees may need assistance in navigating the emergency route. One common accommodation is for a volunteer to offer to escort the employee along the emergency route, communicating as necessary to assure safe evacuation. g. Employees who use service animals Ask employees who use service animals about their preferences regarding how their service animal should be handled or evacuated in an emergency situation. They should also outline how they can best be helped if their service animal becomes hesitant or disoriented during an emergency. Ensure that information about service animals is recorded in the employee’s individual emergency response plan. h. Employees with other disabilities Under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, employees with temporary disabilities or disabilities as a result of chronic medical conditions have the right to request that an individual emergency response plan be developed. Employees with temporary disabilities such as broken bones, illness, trauma or recent surgery can experience difficulty in following an order to evacuate. These employees have the right to have an individual emergency response plan put in place for the duration of their disability. 68 Updated: November 7, 2012 Employees with chronic conditions, such as, for example, arthritis, rheumatism, diseases of the heart or lungs, seizure disorders, or neurological diseases with a resulting lack of coordination, have the right to, if they self-identify, have an individual emergency response plan developed. (return to top) 69 Updated: November 7, 2012 4. Create an individual emergency response plan with the employee. a. Identify the components of the individual emergency response plan. An employee’s individual emergency response plan should include  the specific protocol for assisting with the safe evacuation of the employee.  the designated waiting area where the employee should wait for trained emergency professionals to assist with evacuation: The NEAREST EXIT STAIRWELL on each floor serves as the designated waiting area in an emergency.  how college emergency personnel stationed at the building’s annunciator panel exit will be notified that the employee is waiting for assistance to evacuate.  the method of communication in an emergency, if applicable.  the specific safety protocol to be followed in a lockdown situation, if it would be different from the general protocol to be followed by all employees. b. Consult with