George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – CHAPTER XII – CODE OF CONDUCT: ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF George Brown College is mandated by law and by the community it serves to provide an educational environment that demonstrates professionalism and academic currency, values diversity, and respects the processes and traditions of learning. The terms of this mandate are prescribed by the founding documents of the College; by the laws to which the College is subject; by the terms and conditions of employment for administrative staff; by the collective agreements that govern academic employees and support staff; and by the operational policies and procedures that the College has adopted (see Appendix C). Central to these documents and the processes that created them is the implicit assumption of professionalism and appropriate professional conduct on the part of all College employees. This code of conduct is designed to provide an explicit definition of the standards of professional conduct expected of all administrative staff. It represents, for the College, a benchmark of expectations about professional conduct. For the purposes of this document, the terms "administrative staff" and "managers" are used interchangeably to refer to any person in the College who serves as a Dean, Director, Manager, or Chair. A BENCHMARK STATEMENT ON PROFESSIONALISM Administrative staff are expected to proceed in their daily duties in a manner that upholds the dignity of their profession; to honour the terms and intent of the collective agreements that have been entered into with faculty and support staff and the terms and conditions of employment for administrative staff; and to exhibit a commitment to excellence in learning and teaching and a concern for the well-being of students, faculty, support staff, colleagues, the College, and the broader society in which all exist. 1 PROFESSIONALISM AND PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT George Brown College expects all administrators in its employ to conform to the explicit standards of professionalism defined in this document. Administrators who demonstrate behaviour that does not comply with or that is inconsistent with the minimal standards of professionalism contained in this document may be subject to the range of disciplinary actions specified in the College's Progressive Discipline Policy. 103 Approved by Board of Governors Motion #00-07-04, 11 April 2001, Publication 2001 – 08 -16 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – 1.1 Scope The term "professionalism" is used to describe adherence by administrative staff to an acceptable standard in the method, manner, and spirit in which they perform their duties. The professional conduct of administrative staff at George Brown College is assessed in five distinct areas of College activity: - management; - conflict resolution; - enactment of college priorities; - collective agreements; - public relations. - 1.2 Adherence to Policies The expectations of the College with relation to each of these areas will be described in detail in the following sections of this document. The College also expects that administrative staff will: - familiarize themselves with College policies that are relevant to their responsibilities; - adhere to those policies to the best