computing and communication facilities and services only for the purposes for which they are authorized. Technologies must not be used to access, use or distribute materials that are obscene, vulgar, or pornographic, or that might be perceived by others as harassment or intimidation. The College believes that every user bears the primary responsibility for the material she/he chooses to access, send, or display. A full description of policies in this area (technology and accessibility) are located in the Appendices. Note: All policies regarding academic staff conduct and responsibilities also apply to the online teaching environment. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – 1.5 Copyright Academic employees will abide by all copyright laws, which apply to the internet, print and all other media. Under certain conditions faculty can use and copy original works. For information on the copy write laws please refer to the Academic Resource Centre’s Web Site. Employees who are not familiar with these laws may clarify their responsibilities with any College librarian. The College will not provide assistance or protection relating to charges arising from violation of copyright law. 2 ACADEMIC PREPARATION 2.1 Academic Readiness All faculty are expected to be academically prepared to teach assigned courses. Faculty will demonstrate academic readiness by maintaining, developing, and expanding competence in their field (s). Specifically, academic employees will: - explore materials in and relating to their field (s); - use available Professional Development days in a productive manner; - keep abreast of current research and technical advances in their field; and - maintain familiarity with current standards of practice in their field. 2.2 Course Delivery All academic employees are expected to perform activities in advance of class that are necessary to ensure adequate delivery of the courses they have been assigned. Specifically, academic employees will: - prepare course outlines for the courses they are teaching or become familiar with outlines that already exist; - have clear learning goals for each class; - select texts and order films, videos, and other materials for each class in a timely fashion; - gather supplementary materials for distribution as needed; and - consult with colleagues teaching the same course. - share information relevant to fields of instruction and discuss teaching strategies with appropriate faculty; - discuss issues involving androgogy and curriculum development with those involved; 3 CLASSROOM CONDUCT Academic employees will refrain from using class time to promote their personal, religious, political, social, or business agendas and will refuse to allow students to use class time for these purposes. This guideline is not intended to restrict the freedom of academic employees or students to express personal views of relevance to topics being taught or discussed. 3.1 Classroom Environment Academic employees will treat all students with courtesy and respect. In each and every class they teach, academic employees will maintain a climate in which learning can flourish and in which all students are treated with equality and respect. Approved by Board of Governors Motion