George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – CHAPTER X - CODE OF CONDUCT: ACADEMIC EMPLOYEES George Brown College is mandated by law and by the community it serves to provide an educational environment that demonstrates professionalism and academic currency, values diversity, and respects the processes and traditions of learning. The terms of this mandate are prescribed by the founding documents of the College; by the laws to which the College is subject; by the collective agreements that govern academic employees and support staff; and by the operational policies and procedures that the College has adopted (see Appendix C). Central to these documents and the processes that created them is the implicit assumption of professionalism and appropriate professional conduct on the part of all College employees. This code of conduct is designed to provide an explicit definition of the minimal standards of professional conduct expected of all faculty. It represents, for the College, a benchmark of expectations about faculty conduct and defines the boundaries within which a rewarding and mutually supportive learning environment can be created. For the purposes of this document, the terms "academic employees" and "faculty" are used interchangeably to refer to full-time, partial-load, part-time, and sessional professors, instructors, counsellors, and librarians. A BENCHMARK STATEMENT ON PROFESSIONALISM Faculty are expected to proceed in their daily duties in a manner that upholds the dignity of their profession, and to exhibit a commitment to learning, an enthusiasm for teaching, and a concern for the well-being of students, staff, the College, and the broader society in which all exist. 1 PROFESSIONALISM AND PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT George Brown College expects all faculty in its employ to conform to the explicit standards of professionalism defined in this document. Academic employees who demonstrate behaviour that does not comply with or that is inconsistent with the minimal standards of professionalism contained in this document may be subject to the range of disciplinary actions specified in the collective agreement and the College's Progressive Discipline Policy. 1.1 Scope The term "professionalism" is used to describe adherence by academic employees to an acceptable standard in the method, manner, and spirit in which they perform their duties. The professional conduct of academic employees at George Brown College is assessed in relation to four distinct areas of College activity: - academic preparation - classroom conduct - relationships with students outside the classroom 90 Approved by Board of Governors Motion #00-07-04, 11 April 2001, Publication 2001 – 08 -16 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – - relationships with other faculty and staff. 1.2 Adherence to Policies The expectations of the College with relation to each of these areas will be described in detail in the following sections of this document. The College also expects that academic employees will: - familiarize themselves with College policies that are relevant to their responsibilities; - adhere to those policies to the best of their ability; - assist and encourage others to adhere to the policies – for example, by directing a student to the