maintain a supportive environment for working and learning; - commence work on time; - notify their supervisor at the earliest reasonable opportunity if, for reasons such as accident or illness, they are unable to come to work and will arrange in advance for those absences that can be foreseen; - provide their manager with appropriate notice of requests for vacation time; - use all work hours productively and ensure that their activities in the workplace do not impede the effective operation of their department. Specifically, they will refrain from using work time to promote personal, religious, political, social, or business agendas; - respect confidentiality in all matters. 3.2 Inquiries Employees will: - respond to telephone inquiries in a helpful and respectful manner. Specifically, support staff will transfer a misplaced call to the appropriate extension, if known, or to the switchboard, if not known, and will try to keep the call within the system so that the caller will not have to telephone again. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – - inform students and the public of procedures to be followed when help is requested, for example, in course application, registration, class cancellation, and similar matters, if related to their job responsibilities; 3.3 College Equipment Employees will: - demonstrate a concern for the appropriate use and maintenance of all equipment provided by the College for their use; - ensure that College services such as photocopying and postage are used only for College purposes. 4 RELATIONSHIPS WITH STUDENTS Interactions between support staff and students occur in many contexts: - student services, such as financial aid and counselling; - registration services; - Learning Resource Centres, including libraries, labs, and computer centres; and - social and recreational environments. Support staff will demonstrate courtesy, respect, patience, and willingness to help in all their interactions with students in any context. Support staff should behave toward students with circumspection, avoiding conduct on College premises that might result in the imposition of College sanctions or civil or criminal proceedings. Support staff, for example, will not: - involve a student in any interpersonal difficulties the employee might have with colleagues, faculty, or administrative staff; or - become involved with a student or group of students in any situation that is inappropriate or inconsistent with the role of a College employee, for example, by getting drunk or using prohibited substances on College premises. 4.1 Conflict Resolution Support staff should: - strive actively to avoid conflict between themselves and any student - refrain from physical intervention to resolve a conflict between students. In the event of conflict initiated by a student, the employee will maintain an open, non- confrontational attitude and attempt to resolve the problem at hand; if a resolution is not possible, the support staff member should seek guidance from administrative staff. In the event of conflict between students, support staff will intervene by making verbal attempts at conciliation; if these are not successful, the employee should