of all parties involved; - refusing to allow their own perception of the importance of the nature of the conflict to preclude attempts to achieve resolution of the problem; - ensuring that specific complaints are resolved by a specific timetable for the resolution with all parties concerned; - refusing to permit the same complaints or concerns to be raised without making a commitment to resolution, followed by reasonable and appropriate efforts to attain resolution; and - ensuring that the terms of all resolutions of specific complaints are appropriately documented. Following resolution of the immediate conflict, the manager will intervene as necessary to ensure that the behaviour that led to the conflict does not recur. 4 ENACTMENT OF COLLEGE PRIORITIES Administrators will ensure that the priorities of the College are addressed. Administrative staff will: - clearly communicate these priorities to everyone in their department; - ensure that no activity in the department is running counter to those priorities; - articulate departmental goals that further those priorities; and - seek training in those areas where they are not equipped to meet the priorities of the College. 5 COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS Administrators will demonstrate their understanding that the terms of their relationships with faculty and staff in their departments are governed by the terms of the collective agreements into which the College has entered with faculty and support staff. Administrators must: - have a basic understanding of the terms of the collective agreements and seek counsel before taking action in areas of uncertainty - not knowingly subvert the intention of the collective agreements. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – 6 PUBLIC RELATIONS Administrators understand that how they represent the College is vitally important to all members of the College community. Professionalism in the realm of public relations will be demonstrated by ensuring: - public statements are accurate, and - public statements do not misrepresent or distort the intentions of the College. Administrators are responsible for ensuring ensure that the required statistical data provided for external agencies providing funds is accurate. Administrators will avoid attempts to use their authority as managers or the reputation of the College to forward any personal or political agendas. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31