George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – CHAPTER XI -CODE OF CONDUCT: SUPPORT STAFF George Brown College is mandated by law and by the community it serves to provide an educational environment that demonstrates professionalism and academic currency, values diversity, and respects the learning process. The terms of this mandate are prescribed by the founding documents of the College; by the laws to which the College is subject; by the collective agreements that govern academic employees and support staff; and by the operational policies and procedures that the College has adopted (see Appendix C). Central to these documents and the processes that created them is the implicit assumption of professionalism and appropriate professional conduct on the part of all college employees. This code of conduct is designed to provide an explicit definition of the standards of professional conduct expected of all support staff. It represents, for the College, a benchmark of expectations with respect to support staff conduct. For the purposes of this document, the terms "support staff" and "employees" are used interchangeably to refer to those employees specifically designated as support staff in the collective agreement and in the College's Collective Bargaining Act, as well as employees with similar jobs who are not included in the bargaining unit. A BENCHMARK STATEMENT ON PROFESSIONALISM Support staff are expected to proceed in their daily duties in a professional manner and to exhibit a commitment to providing a supportive environment for learning, an enthusiasm for excellence in performance, and a general concern for the well-being of students, staff, the College, and those members of the general public with whom they interact. 1 PROFESSIONALISM AND PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT George Brown College expects all support staff in its employ to conform to the explicit standards of professionalism defined in this document. Support staff who demonstrate behaviour that does not comply or is inconsistent with the minimal standards of professionalism contained in this document may be subject to the range of disciplinary actions specified in the College's Progressive Discipline Policy. 1.1 Scope The term "professionalism" is used to describe adherence by support staff to an acceptable standard in the method, manner, and spirit in which they perform their duties. The professional conduct of support staff at George Brown College is assessed in relation to four distinct areas of College activity: - job performance; - workplace conduct; 98 Approved by Board of Governors Motion #00-07-04, 11 April 2001, Publication 2001 – 08 -16 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – - relationships with students; - relationships with faculty, colleagues, administrative staff, and the general public. 1.2 Adherence to Policies The expectations of the College with relation to each of these areas will be described in detail in the following sections of this document. The College also expects that support staff employees will: - familiarize themselves with College policies that are relevant to their responsibilities; - adhere to those policies to the best of their ability; - assist and encourage others to adhere to the policies