use or distribute materials that are obscene, vulgar, or pornographic, or that might be perceived by others as harassment or intimidation. The College believes that every user bears the primary responsibility for the material she/he chooses to access, send, or display. A full description of policies in this area (technology and accessibility) are located in the Appendices. 1.5 Copyright Administrative staff will abide by all copyright laws, which applies on the internet as well as the paper. Staff wishing to copy original work shall receive written permission from the copyright owner prior to copying (George Brown College Copyright Policy and Procedures, 1985). Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 George Brown College – Academic Policies, Guidelines & Codes of Conduct – 2004-03 – Employees who are not familiar with these laws may clarify their responsibilities with any College librarian. The College will not provide assistance or protection relating to charges arising from violation of copyright law. 2 JOB PERFORMANCE All employees are expected to be prepared to perform the duties that they have been assigned. Support staff will demonstrate readiness by maintaining, developing, and expanding their capability with respect to the requirements of the position. Within the scope of their job, support staff will, for example: - use professional development opportunities, when available, in a productive manner; and - keep reasonably abreast of current research, technical advances, and current standards of practice in their field. All employees are expected to perform such activities as are necessary to ensure delivery of the duties they have been assigned. Specifically, support staff will: - understand the job scope, practices, and procedures relating to their position; - ensure accuracy and thoroughness in the performance of their assigned duties; - meet targets regarding work to be performed to the best of their ability; - manage time effectively; - be well-organized; - demonstrate ability to problem-solve within the scope of their position; - demonstrate ability to work independently when appropriate; - show initiative; and - ensure efficient and responsible follow-through on assigned duties. - 3 WORKPLACE CONDUCT It is expected that employees will treat all students, faculty, administrative staff, other employees, and members of the general public with courtesy and respect. 3.1 General Conduct Within the office environment, employees will: - maintain a supportive environment for working and learning; - commence work on time; - notify their supervisor at the earliest reasonable opportunity if, for reasons such as accident or illness, they are unable to come to work and will arrange in advance for those absences that can be foreseen; - provide their manager with appropriate notice of requests for vacation time; - use all work hours productively and ensure that their activities in the workplace do not impede the effective operation of their department. Specifically, they will refrain from using work time to promote personal, religious, political, social, or business agendas; - respect confidentiality in all matters. 3.2 Inquiries Employees will: - respond to telephone inquiries in a helpful and respectful manner. Specifically, support staff will transfer a