not specifically focused on academic educational experiences include but are not limited to the Accessible Learning Policy, the Human Rights Discrimination and Harrassment Policy. DEFINITIONS This includes an explanation of terms and abbreviations used within the policy and procedure. Word/Term Definition For purposes of this policy, ‘Chair’ refers to the academic administrator with most immediate responsibility for the program from which the Chair academic concern/complaint has arisen. This individual may have the title ‘Chair’ or ‘Director’ (in the absence of a Chair), depending on the program. Educational experience Any interaction, course, program, work-integrated learning, or other experience in which learning takes place. 2 Faculty The academic staff responsible for the course. A statement of basic principles, rules, regulations and/or guidelines, Policy developed and enforced to direct and/or limit actions and activities. Ministry of Training, The MTCU is responsible for the administration of laws relating to Colleges and Universities education and skills training. For more information go to the Ministry (MTCU) website: https://www.ontario.ca/page/ministry-training-colleges- universities Procedure The operational processes required to implement college policy, to be provided as a clear sequence of instructions to be followed. Monday to Friday, excluding statutory holidays or any other day in Working Day which the college has publicly announced that it is not open for business. 3 POLICY 1.0 George Brown College is committed to delivering the highest quality education possible for students. In support of this commitment all students have the right to express concerns and constructive criticisms regarding their education without fear of penalty. 2.0 Students have the right to raise objections or file formal complaints or concerns, either individually or as a group, about a specific educational situation/event or a related program academic quality concern [see Appendix #1: Procedures for the Expression of Educational Complaints for relevant procedures]. 3.0 Students must raise their educational concerns in a professional and respectful manner that respects the confidentiality of all members of George Brown College’s community and supports the college’s commitment to maintaining a supportive environment for learning. These efforts should occur within an environment of integrity, partnership, fairness, respect, and transparency. 4.0 It is expected that students and releveant college representatives will work to resolve educational issues at the program level in a timely fashion. These efforts should occur within an environment of integrity, partnership, fairness, respect, and transparency. 5.0 George Brown College will provide, whenever possible, a safe and confidential process to receive concerns or complaints and constructive feedback. 6.0 George Brown College will inform students when their concern or complaint has been considered. The college will provide feedback regarding the legitimacy of the concern or complaint within 15 working days. 7.0 Confidential records will be kept of all complaints received by the program for a period of 5 years. 8.0 Wherever possible George Brown College will provide information relating to immediate, short-term and/or long-term remedies, including but not limited to accountabilities of college faculty and staff where appropriate. 4 APPENDIX 1: PROCEDURES FOR THE EXPRESSION OF EDUCATIONAL COMPLAINTS Summary of the steps, timelines, and responsibilities for the expression of educational complaints: 1.0 Students who have