5.0 George Brown College will provide, whenever possible, a safe and confidential process to receive concerns or complaints and constructive feedback. 6.0 George Brown College will inform students when their concern or complaint has been considered. The college will provide feedback regarding the legitimacy of the concern or complaint within 15 working days. 7.0 Confidential records will be kept of all complaints received by the program for a period of 5 years. 8.0 Wherever possible George Brown College will provide information relating to immediate, short-term and/or long-term remedies, including but not limited to accountabilities of college faculty and staff where appropriate. 4 APPENDIX 1: PROCEDURES FOR THE EXPRESSION OF EDUCATIONAL COMPLAINTS Summary of the steps, timelines, and responsibilities for the expression of educational complaints: 1.0 Students who have concerns regarding the quality of their education will: 1.1 Approach the college representative (a faculty member, for example) to outline the complaint in person or via George Brown College email. If appropriate the college representative will ask for the student’s input and provide directions on how a solution may be reached informally. 1.2 If student(s) are unable or unwilling to approach the relevant college representative, or where students’ concerns remain unsatisfactorily addressed by this representative, students may approach the Program Chair (or administrative designate) [see Appendix #2: Template for Bringing Forward Educational Complaints] to begin a formal complaint process. In the case where the student issue relates specifically to the Program Chair the student may approach the relevant Dean. 1.3 At any stage in the Educational Concerns or Complaints process student(s) may consult a Student Association advisor who may provide guidance throughout the resolution process. 1.4 If the student wishes to appeal the decision made by the Chair (or appropriate designate) they may do so by providing a written confirmation of their intent to appeal the decision to the appropriate Dean within 5 working days of receiving the decision. Review of Educational Concerns & Complaints: 2.0 Procedures for the Chair: Upon receiving notification of an educational concern or complaint, the Chair (or designate) will: 2.1 Acknowledge the student concern or complaint within 10 working days and ensure it is prepared in writing using the “Template for Bringing Forward Educational Complaints” see Appendix #2 (either by the Chair or the student(s)). The complainant(s) and the Chair will agree on the nature of the concern/complaint and sign the formal complaint document within 5 working days following their initial meeting. 2.2 Ensure that the appropriate individual(s) is/are informed of the nature of the concern/complaint and provide the individual with an opportunity to address the specific concerns. This may include the development of a strategy to rectify an issue and an agreed upon reporting timeframe. 2.3 Notify the student(s) that their complaint has been discussed with the relevant individual. 5 2.4 Following the review process outlined and templated in Appendix #2, review the educational concern/complaint. 2.5 If a faculty member is involved in the Educational Concerns and Complaints process they have the right to be accompanied by a representative of their union at any point in the process.