Fee Policy 1. A $200 deposit for full fee paying families and a $25.00 deposit for families on subsidy are required to confirm your child’s registration. The deposit will be credited to your last month’s fees. 2. Childcare fees are set by the College’s Board of Governors in April and are retroactively implemented mid April. 3. Childcare fees are paid monthly by Master Card, Visa, or Direct Debit system that has been pre-arranged by the office at the time of enrolment. Fees are charged prior to the 7th of each month. Families can request a statement of their balance at any time. Families will be provided with a yearly tax receipt in February of the following year. 4. Families are charged for all days regardless of whether your child is in attendance or not. There are no reductions of fees for vacations, statutory holidays, illnesses or part-time days missed. 5. Transitions of children from one age group to the next are dependent upon the availability of space in the older age group. In the event that there is no space available for a child in the next age group, the process described in the Continuity of Care Policy will be in effect. 6. Subsidy requires that the child leave the centre if the Lab Child Care Centre cannot provide space in the age group that the child should be in. 7. One month’s notice of withdrawal is required. In lieu of notice, one month’s fees will be charged. 8. Failure to pay your fees may result in withdrawal of your child. If you are having difficulty meeting fee obligations, please speak to the Manager immediately. PART-TIME FEES In the event that families request a change from part-time to full time status, a written request must be submitted to the centre Manager one month in advance. This request can only be granted if / when there is availability in the specific age group. If you request a change from full time to part-time status, a written request must be submitted to the centre Manager one month in advance. Part-time will only be accommodated if the centre is able to provide a partner to share the remainder of the full time space. Families have the option of purchasing additional days if enrolment allows, and additional fees will be charged 1 LATE FEES 1. Families will be charged for pick-up after stated closing time. 2. Families are required to sign the late fee book when the child is picked up after closing time. 3. The time will be noted from the clock in the pick-up area, which is synchronized with the Childcare centre office’s clock. 4. At the end of the month, the Manager will total all late fees and they will be applied to your monthly payment system. 5. Weather, traffic etc. DOES NOT serve as an exemption for late fees, except under extreme circumstances which will be designated by the College. 6. If repetitive late pickups occur the Centre Manager will meet with the parent to discuss and determine whether the center hours