(i.e. rides). __ packed food and water (if necessary). __ packed emergency cards for each child and Staff. __ packed a first aid kit for each group, money and a cell phone. __ a list of food allergies and restrictions (Epi-pens/puffers and other medications as needed). __ packed a change of clothes and diapers if necessary. __ given the School-Aged children the cell phone number used by the Staff on the trip. __ taken attendance, counted the children before leaving the Centre, and again once they have boarded and mode of transportation. __ counted the children each time we change locations (e.g. picnic tables to the park). __ counted the children again upon re-boarding the mode of transportation. __ called the Centre to inform the Manager that we will be returning later than planned, or to inform of any accident or incident (if applicable). __ counted the children upon returning to the Centre. Guidelines for Families and Volunteers on Field Trips Let your child’s educator know one week prior to the trip if you’ll be able to attend. The Staff will be able to determine in advance if there is a sufficient amount of adults in order to ensure the safety of the children on the trip. Our goal is that you share in the field trip experience with your child within the group. Additional adults also enhance the adult-child ratio and ensure that all children get their immediate needs met in a timely fashion. If a family member or volunteer wants to come on a fieldtrip, The Ministry of Education requires families/volunteers to provide a clear Vulnerable Sector Check as they will be responsible for their child as well as another child. Check with Staff before the trip to see if you need to bring any special equipment or dress (i.e. comfortable clothing, bathing suit, walking shoes, etc.). 7 Wear appropriate clothing and footwear for the weather and field trip location. If you have any food restrictions or allergies, be sure to let the Staff know as soon as possible. The Lab Child Care Centre provides packed lunches for the people going on the trip, and will be able to inform you of the menu that day. If your allergies are very specific, you may need to bring your own lunch. Please remember that treats for your child should not be given during the field trip. Some children have specific allergies, and the Lab Child Care Centre packs a nutritionally balanced picnic lunch that takes allergies and food restrictions into account. If your child receives a treat that is not shared by the others, the rest of the children will not understand, and it may pose a health risk for you to bring treats for the group. All children must be supervised within a pre-planned area, and not taken to another place during the field trip. Staying with the group is a safety issue, as all children must be accounted for at all times. The children also find it confusing if they know that some children are allowed to play in