will accompany the Staff and children on any trip involving swimming in large water facilities or lakes.  Staff will ensure that all children are appropriately dressed for the weather (i.e. sun hats and sunscreen in the summer; hats, mitts, and scarves in the winter, etc.).  Once the destination has been reached, a designated safe area (customer service area) will be arranged in the event that the groups get separated. Staff will assess the trip site upon arrival to identify “hot spots” (where Staff need to position themselves for necessary supervision)  In the event of extreme weather (cold, heat, humidity, or air quality), the trip will be re- scheduled.  A cell phone will be taken on the trip. The cell phone number will be written on the trip form that is left in the office. Traveling by School Bus or T.T.C. George Brown College Lab Child Care Centres require that the buses being used for field trips have seat belts. 1. The bus will be boarded only when the bus driver is present. 2. Children must be counted before the trip, whenever changing locations, during the trip and before returning to the centre. 3 3. While on the bus children, must wear seat belts, are to be seated with their backs against the seat, and are not permitted to stand or kneel or sit on someone’s lap. 4. If at any time there is a dramatic change in weather, or an unsafe situation arises, the bus driver will be notified if he/she is at the location, or the Manager will be notified and arrange for pick-up. 5. Subways should be used with extreme caution. Trips using subways should have high adult/child ratios. If the subway is used, children will wait for the train at the yellow Designated Waiting Area with their backs to the platform wall. This is also where they will board the train so the signal person can clearly see the Staff and children. Walking Trips 1. Children in strollers must always be secured with their shoulder and lap belts. 2. When crossing a street, driveway, or alleyway, Staff must always lead the stroller by walking in front to check for traffic first before crossing. 3. When walking with the children, keep to the inside of the sidewalk whenever possible. 4. Staff will wait for the beginning of a green light before crossing the street, and will be aware of the lights in the community that change quickly. When crossing at lights or crosswalks, Staff should be aware of sirens that indicate emergency vehicles and yield as needed. 5. When approached by strangers on a walk, Staff is to be polite, but continue with their walk. Children’s photos are not to be taken by strangers and no one is to accept food when away from the Centre. 6. Whenever possible, walking routes are planned to avoid main thoroughfares or busy streets. In the case of air quality warnings and/or extreme weather (either very hot or very cold) trips or walks are to be shortened or cancelled. 7.