possible. 4. Staff will wait for the beginning of a green light before crossing the street, and will be aware of the lights in the community that change quickly. When crossing at lights or crosswalks, Staff should be aware of sirens that indicate emergency vehicles and yield as needed. 5. When approached by strangers on a walk, Staff is to be polite, but continue with their walk. Children’s photos are not to be taken by strangers and no one is to accept food when away from the Centre. 6. Whenever possible, walking routes are planned to avoid main thoroughfares or busy streets. In the case of air quality warnings and/or extreme weather (either very hot or very cold) trips or walks are to be shortened or cancelled. 7. Walking routes must be recorded in the daily log. A map indicating the route is helpful. Things to Remember When Preparing for a Trip 1. Choosing the Trip 4  Consider interest and developmental levels of the children in the group.  Are there appropriate activities to involve the children?  Is the environment safe?  Are there any difficulties presented by transportation to the site?  Has at least one Staff member visited the site before the trip? 2. Preparing the Families  Give the families advance notice of the trip verbally and in written form.  Families will sign the trip form to authorize their child’s participation in the trip.  Explain how the children will be transported and what activities they will engage in during the trip.  Invite families to accompany their child. 3. Preparing the Children  Curriculum must provide a context for the field trip.  Children must be prepared through the curriculum for where they are going and what might see.  Children will be divided into small groups and each Staff must be aware of the of children in their group.  Encourage children to discuss what to expect on the trip, as well as involve them in problem solving regarding safety and emergency situations.  If a child with special needs has some distinguishing feature, integrate that feature into the trip activities. For example, a child who needs to be carried in a wagon: take two wagons so that other children may take turns in the wagon. Emergency Measures Injured Children 1. One Staff will call an ambulance and the Centre to report the incident. The Manager will contact the families immediately and if necessary, meet the families at the hospital. 5 2. One Staff will stay with the injured child and administer first aid. If necessary, they will accompany the child to the nearest hospital with the child’s emergency information. 3. The remaining children should be kept as calm as possible and be reassured about the situation; they should return to the Centre as soon as possible. Transportation will be arranged to take the children back to the Centre. 4. Serious Occurrence procedures will be followed (if applicable). 5. The above procedure would apply to a Staff member if injured on a field trip.