George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology 2010 Customer Service Accessibility Report Yes No 1.a) Does your organization have policies, practices and procedures on providing goods or services to people Yes with disabilities? [section. 3(1)] 1.b) Does your organization use reasonable efforts to ensure that these policies are consistent with the Yes principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity? [section.3(2)] 2. Do your organization's policies address the use of assistive devices by people with disabilities to access your organization's goods or services, or any available alternative measures that enable them to do so? Yes [section. 3(3)] 3. Do your organization's policies, practices and procedures require your organization to take a person's Yes disability into account when communicating with the person? [section. 3(4)] 4. Do members of the public or other third parties have access to premises that your organization owns or Yes operates? [s. 4(1)] *If No - then Skip to question 7 below 5.a) Does your organization permit people with disabilities to keep their service animals with them on the parts of your premises that are open to the public or other third parties, except where the animal is excluded by Yes law, and is this included in your policies, practices and procedures? [section. 4(2) & (7)] 5.b) If a service animal is excluded by law from your premises, does your organization ensure that alternate Yes measures are available to enable the person to access your goods or services? [section. 4(3)] 6. Does your organization permit people with disabilities to enter the parts of your premises that are open to the public or other third parties with their support person, and provide notice of any fee charged for the Yes support person, and is this included in your policies, practices and procedures? [section. 4(4) (6) & (7)] 7. Does your organization post a notice at a conspicuous place on your premises, on your website, or by another reasonable method, of any temporary disruption in facilities or services that people with disabilities Yes usually use to access your organization's goods or services, including the reason, duration and any alternatives available? [section. 5(1) (2) & (3)] 8. Has your organization established and documented a process to receive and respond to feedback on how its goods or services are provided to people with disabilities, including actions that your organization will Yes take when a complaint is received? [section. 7(1), (3) & (4)] 9. Does your organization make information about its feedback process readily available to the public, including how feedback may be provided (e.g. in person, by telephone, in writing, by email, on diskette or Yes otherwise)? [section. 7(1) & (2)] 10. Does your organization ensure that the following people receive training about providing your goods or services to people with disabilities: every person who deals with the public or other third parties on behalf of Yes your organization, and every person who participates in developing your organization's policies, practices and procedures on providing goods or services? [section. 6(1)] 11. Does this training include your organization's current policies, practices and procedures