George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology 108082868TA0001 AODA Self-Certified Accessibility Report Question Answer 1 Does your organization provide, procure or acquire by other means an accessible or conversion ready format of print, digital or YES multimedia resources for a person with a disability, upon request? (IASR s. 18) 2 Is your organization providing ongoing training as required under the Customer Service Standard and are you continuing to meet the YES Customer Service Standard and Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulations that have come into effect prior to the report? 3 Does your organization provide the required training on the IASR and the Human Rights Code as it pertains to persons with a disability? YES (IASR s. 7) 4 Does your organization ensure that its feedback processes are accessible to persons with disabilities by providing or arranging accessible YES formats or communication supports upon request? (IASR s. 11) 5 Does your organization have a process to provide accessible formats and communication supports for persons with disabilities in a timely YES manner and at no more than the cost for other persons who ask for the same information? (IASR s. 12) 6 Does your organization provide its emergency procedures, plans or public safety information that it makes available to the public, in an YES accessible format upon request? (IASR s. 13) 7 Does your organization provide individualized emergency response information for employees that require it and does it review the YES information in accordance with the Employment Standards? (IASR s. 27) 8 Does your organization incorporate accessibility features into its procurement or acquisition of goods, services or facilities or provide an YES explanation if doing so is not practicable? (IASR s. 5) 9 Does your organization notify its employees and the public about the availability of accommodations in its recruitment processes? (IASR YES s. 22-24) 10 Does your organization provide its employees with updated information about its policies to support its employees with disabilities? YES (IASR s. 25) 11 When requested, does your organization provide employees with disabilities information in an accessible format or with communication YES supports? (IASR s. 26) 12 Does your organization develop and have in place a written process for the development of documented individual accommodation YES plans for employees with disabilities? (IASR s.28) 13 Does your organization have a documented return to work process for employees who were absent due to a disability or require YES disability-related accommodations in order to return to work? (IASR s. 29) This is a copy of the report filed with the Government of Ontario on November 19, 2015 11:48:25 AM Certification ID: SCR857101 For a French PDF of this accessibility report, please contact the AODA Contact Centre at 1-866-515-2025. Pour obtenir la version PDF en français de ce rapport sur l’accessibilité, veuillez appeler l’InfoCentre LAPHO au 1 866 515 2025. George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology 108082868TA0001 Rapport sur l’accessibilité autocertifié pour la LAPHO Question Réponse 1 Sur demande, votre organisation fournit-elle, acquiert-elle ou se procure-t-elle un format accessible ou prêt à être converti de toute OUI ressource imprimée, numérique ou