Accessibility Directorate of Ontario 2017 Accessibility compliance report How to complete your accessibility compliance report You must complete the mandatory fields on each page before you can move to the next page. Mandatory fields are marked with an asterisk (*). To start, save the form on your local computer and be sure to open it with Adobe Reader. You can save the form at any point in the process and return to it later. You may distribute the form within your organization for input before submitting. You need the following to file your accessibility compliance report: • Nine-digit Business number (BN9), that identifies your organization with the Canada Revenue Agency (found on federal and provincial tax returns). In the rare case that an organization doesn’t have a Business number (BN9), an AODA identifier (assigned by the Accessibility Directorate of Ontario) would be used in its place. • Your Organization category - if you are a Business or a Non-profit, your Organization category is Business/Non-profit - if you are a municipality, or a hospital, college, university, school board, public transportation provider (under Schedule 1 of the regulation 191/11), or an agency, board or commission (under Column 1 of Table 1 of Ontario Regulation 146/10), your Organization category is Designated Public Sector - Note: If you select the wrong organization category, you may see questions that do not apply to you. You will need to correct the category and enter your data again to successfully submit your report. • Number of employees in your organization • A person with authority to bind your organization (e.g. a director or senior officer) must certify your organization's accessibility compliance report as complete and accurate. You are able to file on behalf of up to 20 organizations using one form. To do so you will need each organization’s business number (BN9) or AODA identifier, number of employees and address. All organizations filing under the same form must have the same Organization category (e.g. Business/Non-profit), Number of employees range (e.g. 20-49, 50+), certifier, and all answers to the accessibility compliance questions must be the same. If not, you will need to complete a separate form for each organization. If you require the accessibility compliance report in an alternate format, please contact accessibility@ontario.ca Note: Users of assistive technology should pull up a list of buttons to get a list of the links on the form. Begin your report Follow these steps to complete your form: • Download and open the form • Save the form on your computer and open it with Adobe Reader. • Enter your organization’s information then select Next. • If you need information about your organization’s requirements, click on the appropriate link in section B: Understand your accessibility requirements. This will bring you to our website where you can see your past, current and future requirements. • The questions you will see on the form are based on the accessibility requirements that apply to your Organization category (e.g. Business/non-profit) and Number of employees range (e.g. 20-49, 50+). • Click Yes (if you are in compliance) or