marked with an asterisk (*) are mandatory. B. Understand your accessibility requirements Before you begin your report, you can learn about your accessibility requirements atontario.ca/accessibility Additional accessibility requirements apply if you are: • a municipality • an education institution (e.g. school board, college, university or school) • a producer of education material (e.g. textbooks) • a library board C. Accessibility compliance report questions Instructions Please answer each of the following compliance questions. Use the Comments box if you wish to comment on any response. If you need help with a specific question, click the help links which will open in a new browser window. Use the link on the left to view the relevant AODA regulations and the link on the right to view relevant accessibility information resources. Make your employment practices accessible 1. Does your organization notify its employees and the public about the availability of accommodations ● Yes No during the recruitment process? * Read O. Reg. 191/11 s.22 - 24: Recruitment Learn more about your requirements for question 1 Comments for question 1 2. Does your organization provide employees with updated information about its policies to support ● Yes No employees with disabilities? * Read O. Reg. 191/11 s.25: Informing employees of supports Learn more about your requirements for question 2 Comments for question 2 3. When requested, does your organization provide employees with disabilities information in an accessible ● Yes No format or with communication supports? * Read O. Reg. 191/11 s.26: Accessible formats and communication supports for employeesLearn more about your requirements for question 3 Comments for question 3 009-0057E (2017/03)[V2.0] 4. Does your organization prepare individualized workplace emergency response information for ● Yes No employees with disabilities? * Read O. Reg. 191/11 s.27: Workplace emergency response information Learn more about your requirements for question 4 Comments for question 4 Make new or redeveloped public spaces accessible 5. Since January 1, 2016, has your organization constructed new or redeveloped existing recreational trails Yes ● No that you intend to maintain? * (if Yes, you will be required to answer additional questions) Read O. Reg. 191/11 Part IV.1: Design of Public Spaces Standards - Definitions Learn more about your requirements for question 5 5.a. Did your organization consult with the public and persons with disabilities prior to constructing new Yes No or redeveloping existing recreational trails as outlined in the s.80(8) of the Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation (IASR)? * Read O. Reg. 191/11 s.80(8): Consultation, recreational trails Learn more about your requirements for question 5.a Comments for question 5.a 5.b. Does your organization ensure that its new or redeveloped recreational trails meet the technical Yes No requirements as outlined s.80(9) of the IASR? * Read O. Reg. 191/11 s.80(9): Technical requirements for trails Learn more about your requirements for question 5.b Comments for question 5.b 6. Since January 1, 2016, has your organization constructed new or redeveloped existing beach access Yes ● No routes that you intend to maintain? * (if Yes, you will be required to answer additional questions) Read O. Reg. 191/11 Part IV.1: Design of