list of buttons to get a list of the links on the form. Begin your report Follow these steps to complete your form: • Download and open the form • Save the form on your computer and open it with Adobe Reader. • Enter your organization’s information then select Next. • If you need information about your organization’s requirements, click on the appropriate link in section B: Understand your accessibility requirements. This will bring you to our website where you can see your past, current and future requirements. • The questions you will see on the form are based on the accessibility requirements that apply to your Organization category (e.g. Business/non-profit) and Number of employees range (e.g. 20-49, 50+). • Click Yes (if you are in compliance) or No (if you are not in compliance) for each question. You may add comments in the comment box below each question. • Each report question has links to: - The regulation section that is related to that question. - Helpful resources to help you understand and comply with the requirements. • Once you have answered all of the questions, click Save form at the bottom of the page before clicking Next. • Review the accessibility compliance report summary. 009-0057E (2017/03)[V2.0] Certify and submit your report • Complete the information in the Certifier Information section • The certifier must: - Review all information entered on the form for completeness and accuracy. - Check the three boxes to indicate their authority as a certifier in your organization. • Enter information for a primary contact in your organization. This person may be the certifier or a different person. • You may save the form at any time by clicking the Save form button. • When you are ready to submit your report, click the Save and submit button. You will be prompted to save the form on your local computer first and then it will be submitted. • Wait for a confirmation prompt that either confirms submission or indicates any problems. • Once you have successfully submitted your certified report, an email will be sent to the Certifier and the Primary Contact with a confirmation number and an accessible PDF copy of your organization’s accessibility compliance report. If you have any questions please contact the AODA Contact Centre (ServiceOntario) at: Toll Free Phone: 1-866-515-2025 TTY Toll free: 1-800-268-7095 Phone: 416-849-8276 TTY: 416-325-3408 009-0057E (2017/03)[V2.0] Accessibility Directorate of Ontario 2017 Accessibility compliance report Instructions All information you provide is subject to the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. Fields marked with an asterisk (*) are mandatory. A. Organization information Organization category * Number of employees range * Reporting year Designated Public Sector 50+ employees 2017 Business details Organization legal name * Number of employees in Ontario * Help GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHONOLOGY 1407 Business number (BN9) * Help 108082868 Check if operating/business name is same as legal name Organization operating/business name Language preference for communications * George Brown College English Sector that best describes your organization’s principal business activity * Help 61