Animal is distinct from the o documentation from a regulated health professional which can only be requested by Accessible Learning Services or Human Resources. • If it is not readily apparent that the animal is a Service Animal being used by a person for reasons relating to their disability and they would like their Service Animal to be reflected in a formal accommodation plan, the person may provide a letter from a regulated health professional to the relevant parties verifying that the animal is required for reasons relating to their disability. In such a circumstance, students would provide this documentation to their Accessibility Consultant, and Employees would provide this documentation to Human Resources. • If the person submits valid documentation, they must be allowed to be accompanied by their Service Animal. All reasonable efforts will be made to accommodate the person and their Service Animal. Whenever possible the college should endeavour to pre-plan for the accompaniment of a Service Animal within the community. Interacting with Service Animals It is essential that all college staff and volunteers are properly trained in how to interact with persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a Service Animal, including the following key principles: • Maintain a respectful distance from the Service Animal. • It is not appropriate to pet, feed or startle a Service Animal while it is working. • Ask permission before touching the animal as this might distract it from its work. • If it is unclear whether the animal is a pet or a Service Animal, ask the individual. • The individual / Service Animal Partner is responsible for the care and supervision of their Service Animal. However, water can be provided for the animal if requested. • If another person’s health or safety could be seriously impacted by the presence of a Service Animal (such as a severe allergy), all options should be considered to find a solution that meets the needs of both individuals. For example: • creating distance between the two people • eliminating in-person contact • changing the time the two parties receive the service • any other way that would allow the person to use their Service Animal on the premises When a Service Animal is Prohibited by Another Law The law requires the College to allow a person to bring their Service Animal with them into areas of the premises open to the public or to third parties. Areas are considered open to the public even if they are only open to those people who have paid an admission fee, are members or have met certain eligibility or entrance requirements. In cases where another law prohibits a Service Animal from entering certain areas, the College must endeavour to provide another way for the person to access College services. For example: Ontario Regulation 562 under the Health Protection and Promotion Act states that animals are not allowed in places where food is manufactured, prepared, processed, handled, served, displayed, stored, sold or offered for sale. However, it does make an exception to allow service dogs in areas where food