policies include: • The college’s Captioned Media and e-Text Policy (2006) which ensures that all media resources purchased and used in the College must be captioned or captionable; and all textbooks and course materials used for instructional purposes must be available in an e-text format. • George Brown College’s Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures which outlines emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the College community and documents the process and procedures that the college has implemented to ensure the provision of individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability and who have made a request of their need for accommodation due to the disability. • The college’s Workplace Accommodation Policy which outlines the commitment and steps the college will take in the development of documented individual accommodation plans for employees with disabilities. The college also references the Return to Work process for those employees who are returning to work from an illness or injury-related absence. • The college’s Accessible Learning Services Policy ensures that students with disabilities are able to access academic accommodations as required. This policy ensures access to these services is provided under the guiding principles of dignity, independence, and integration of equality of opportunity. • As mandated by the Ontario government, accessibility criteria and features must be incorporated into all purchasing practices. It is the responsibility of each employee purchasing a good, service or facility to consider and apply the appropriate accessibility criteria to their purchasing decisions. If it is not practicable to incorporate accessibility criteria or features you must be ready to provide an explanation upon request. The Ontario Colleges Procurement Toolkit was developed to support accessible procurement processes in the sector. Please visit the Procurement Department for additional procurement related information. 1.2 ACCESSIBILITY PLANS George Brown College has developed a multi-year accessibility plan, which outlines the college’s strategy to prevent and remove barriers and meet its requirements under the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards. The plan is available in a digitally accessible format on the college’s AODA website and is available in alternate format upon request. The college will review and update the multi-year plan in consultation with the college’s AODA Accessibility Committee at least once every five years. 1.3 ACCESSIBLE ANNUAL STATUS REPORT At the end of each year the college posts an AODA Status Report which reflects George Brown College’s progress in removing and preventing barriers by outlining the initiatives and achievements in meeting the various requirements of this regulation as stipulated in the multi-year plan, and documents other related initiatives that support accessibility. 1.4 ACCESSIBLE PROCURING OR ACQUIRING GOODS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES AND SELF-SERVE KIOSKS The college will incorporate accessibility design, criteria and features when procuring or acquiring goods, services or facilities, including self-serve kiosks, except where it is not practicable to do so. In the event that it is not practicable to do so, George Brown College will provide a written explanation, detailing why accessibly criteria could not be incorporated in the procurement or acquisition of goods, services, facilities, and/or kiosks. The Ontario Colleges developed a Procurement Toolkit