accessibility in the classroom please contact the college’s Accessible Media Coordinator for support. • George Brown College’s Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures outlines emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the College community. It documents the process and procedures that the college has implemented to ensure the provision of individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability and who have made a request of their need for accommodation due to the disability. • As mandated by the Ontario government, accessibility criteria and features must be incorporated into all purchasing practices. It is the responsibility of each employee purchasing a good, service or facility to consider and apply the appropriate accessibility criteria to their purchasing decisions. If it is not practicable to incorporate accessibility criteria or features you must be ready to provide an explanation upon request. The Ontario Colleges Procurement Toolkit was developed to support accessible procurement processes in the sector. Please visit the Procurement Department for additional procurement related information. 6.6 USE OF SERVICE ANIMALS George Brown College is committed to welcoming people with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal and we are committed to ensuring our staff and volunteers are properly trained in how to interact with people with disabilities who are accompanied by a service animal. If a person with a disability is accompanied by a guide dog or other service animal, the college will ensure that the person is permitted to enter the premises with the animal and to keep the animal with them, unless the animal is otherwise excluded by law from the premises. If a service animal is excluded by law from the premises, the college will ensure that other measures are available to enable a person with a disability to obtain, use or benefit from George Brown College’s goods, services or facilities. See Appendix A for Service Animal Guidelines. 6.7 USE OF SUPPORT PERSONS George Brown College is committed to welcoming people with disabilities who are accompanied by a support person. Any person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person will be allowed to enter all areas of the premises with their support person. At no time will a person with a disability who is accompanied by a support person be prevented from having access to their support person while on George Brown College premises. The College may only require a person with a disability to be accompanied by a support person when on the premises, if, after consulting with the person with a disability and considering the available evidence, the college determines that (a) a support person is necessary to protect the health or safety of the person with a disability or the health or safety of others on the premises; and (b) there is no other reasonable way to protect the health or safety of the person with a disability and the health or safety of others on the premises. Admission fees, if any, would be waived for the support person if they are accompanying a person with a disability for health and safety reasons.