under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, 1997. Guide Dog A dog trained as a guide for a blind person and having the qualifications prescribed by the regulations listed in R.R.O. 1990, Reg. 58: GUIDE DOGS under Blind Persons' Rights Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. B.7. (“chien d’aveugle,” “chien-guide”) Information Includes data, facts and knowledge that exists in any format, including text, audio, digital or images, and that conveys meaning; (“information”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Kiosk An interactive electronic terminal, including a point-of-sale device, intended for public use that allows users to access one or more services or products or both. O. Reg. 191/11, s. 6 (5). Service Animal An animal is a service animal for a person with a disability if the animal can be readily identified as one that is being used by the person for reasons relating to the person’s disability, as a result of visual indicators such as the vest or harness worn by the animal; or the person provides documentation from one of the regulated health professionals (listed in O. Reg. 165/16, s. 16) confirming that the person requires the animal for reasons relating to Word/Term Definition the disability. (“animal d’assistance”). See Appendix A for Service Animal Guidelines. Support Person In relation to a person with a disability, another person who accompanies them in order to help with communication, mobility, personal care or medical needs or with access to goods, services or facilities. (“personne de soutien”). O. Reg. 165/16, s. 16. POLICY George Brown College is committed to meeting its obligations under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11 and the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards. This policy outlines George Brown College’s commitment to formalize how the college will identify, remove and prevent physical barriers, architectural barriers, information or communication barriers, attitudinal barriers, systemic barrier, or technological barriers that impede a person’s ability to access our goods, services, resources, facilities, employment, accommodation, buildings, structures or premises. PROCEDURES 1.0 GENERAL ACCESSIBILITY 1.1 ACCESSIBILITY POLICIES George Brown College will develop, implement and maintain policies governing its provision of goods, services or facilities and how the organization achieves or will achieve accessibility through meeting the requirements referred to in the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards, including the five standards contained therein. Other related college policies include: • The college’s Captioned Media and e-Text Policy (2006) which ensures that all media resources purchased and used in the College must be captioned or captionable; and all textbooks and course materials used for instructional purposes must be available in an e-text format. • George Brown College’s Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures which outlines emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the College community and documents the process and procedures that the college has implemented to ensure the provision of individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability and who have made a request of their need for accommodation due to the disability. • The college’s Workplace Accommodation Policy which outlines the commitment and steps the college will take in the development of