disability, and at a cost that is no more than the regular charged to other persons. George Brown College consults with the person making the request in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. George Brown College notifies the public about its commitment to the availability of accessible formats and communication supports through the college’s AODA website. If it is not technically feasible to convert the information or communications; or if the technology to convert the information or communications is not readily available and it is determined that information or communications are unconvertible, the college will provide the person requesting the information or communication with an explanation as to why the information or communications are unconvertible along with a summary of the unconvertible information or communications. 2.3 EMERGENCY PROCEDURE, PLANS OR PUBLIC SAFETY INFORMATION George Brown College has an Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures document in a digitally accessible format that outlines the emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the college community. This information is made available on the college’s Safety website and is available in an alternative format, or with communication supports upon request. 2.4 ACCESSIBLE WEBSITES AND WEB CONTENT George Brown College is committed to the development, purchase, and distribution of electronic and web based products that can be accessed by everyone. The College is committed to providing equal access to electronic information including but not limited to, course-related websites, distance learning, instructional and productivity software. George Brown College will ensure their internet and intranet websites and web content conform to the World Wide Web Consortium Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0, Level A and increasing to Level AA. This includes all web-based applications and web content that are controlled directly or through a contractual relationship. These standards and regulations will be met in accordance with the following schedule: • By January 1, 2014, new internet websites and web content on those sites must conform with WCAG 2.0 Level A. • By January 1, 2021, all internet websites and web content must conform with WCAG 2.0 Level AA, other than, success criteria 1.2.4 Captions (Live), and success criteria 1.2.5 Audio Descriptions (Pre-recorded) O. Reg. 191/11, s. 14 (4). 2.5 EDUCATIONAL AND TRAINING RESOURCES AND MATERIALS, ETC. George Brown College will provide education or training resources or materials in an accessible format upon request, and will do so in a way that takes into account the accessibility needs of an individual’s disability. This obligation includes educational or training resources or materials produced by the College and the provision of student records and information on program requirements, availability and description in an accessible format to persons with disabilities upon request. In accordance with these regulations, the college is required to adhere to accessibility standards and principles when designing, adopting and procuring educational materials and resources for the delivery of course curricula. This includes but is not limited to: e-books, course packs, e-learning platforms, online networking / conferencing platforms, interactive and instructive online management systems, audio-visual and multimedia. The college meets this obligation through the procurement process or through