where a single queuing line serves a single or multiple counters. The service counter that accommodates mobility aids must meet the following requirements: • The countertop height must be such that it is usable by a person seated in a mobility aid. • There must be sufficient knee clearance for a person seated in a mobility aid, where a forward approach to the counter is required. • The floor space in front of the counter must be sufficiently clear so as to accommodate a mobility aid. 5.3 FIXED QUEUING GUIDES When constructing new fixed queuing guides, the following requirements must be met: • They must provide sufficient width to allow for the passage of mobility aids and mobility assistive devices. • They must have sufficiently clear floor area to permit mobility aids to turn where queuing lines change direction. • They must be cane detectable. 5.4 WAITING AREAS When constructing a new waiting area or redeveloping an existing waiting area, where the seating is fixed to the floor, a minimum of three per cent of the new seating must be accessible, but in no case shall there be fewer than one accessible seating space, that is, a space in the seating area where an individual using a mobility aid can wait. 5.5 MAINTENANCE OF ACCESSIBLE ELEMENTS In addition to the accessibility plan requirements, the college will ensure that their multi-year accessibility plans include procedures for preventative and emergency maintenance of the accessible elements in public spaces and procedures for dealing with temporary disruptions when accessible elements required are not in working order. 6.0 CUSTOMER SERVICE STANDARDS George Brown College is committed to establishing and maintaining customer service policies that respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities and ensures that persons with disabilities have equal access to programs, services, and activities at the college. George Brown College develops procedures and best practices that respect and promote the dignity and independence of people with disabilities, and support integration and equality of opportunity. All George Brown College policies are available in alternative formats upon request. 6.1 COMMUNICATION The college is committed to communicating with people with disabilities in ways that take into consideration their disability. The college is responsible for training employees of the college in how to interact and communicate with people with disabilities guided by the principles of dignity, independence and integration of equality. The college provides alternative methods of communication and technology upon request as promptly as feasible. 6.2 TELEPHONE SERVICES George Brown College is committed to providing fully accessible telephone service to our customers. We will train staff to communicate with customers over the telephone in clear and plain language and to speak clearly and slowly. When telephone communication is not suitable to communication needs or is not available, we offer to communicate with customers by email, TTY, Textnet (online TTY), Video Relay Service (VRS), or Bell Relay Service. 6.3 ASSISTIVE DEVICES The college community is committed to serving people with disabilities who use assistive devices to obtain, use or benefit from our goods and services. We