George Brown College Policies page or on the college's intranet site: • Accessible Learning Services Policy • Captioned Media and e-Text Policy • Code of Conduct Policy • Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy • Procurement Toolkit • Return to Work • Workplace Accommodation Policy 10.0 APPENDICES APPENDIX A: Service Animal Guidelines APPENDIX A: SERVICE ANIMAL GUIDELINES (January 2017) George Brown College recognizes the diversity of the community it serves and is committed to preventing and removing any barriers to George Brown College’s services, spaces, or resources by welcoming persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a Service Animal. Under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA), a barrier is defined as “anything that prevents a person with a disability from fully participating in all aspects of society because of their disability, including a physical barrier, an architectural barrier, an information or communications barrier, an attitudinal barrier, a technological barrier, a policy or a practice.”1 If a person with a disability is accompanied by a guide dog or other Service Animal, the college will ensure that the person is permitted to enter the premises unless the animal is otherwise excluded by law from the premises. Every effort will be made to accommodate and ensure that the surroundings allow the individual to effectively maintain their relationship with their Service Animal. The following guidelines provide a framework for managing Service Animals on campus to ensure that persons with disabilities who rely on Service Animals are accommodated, subject to the considerations of others who share the environment. People Who Use Service Animals ‘Service Animal’ means any animal that is individually trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability, including a physical, sensory, psychiatric, intellectual, or other mental disability. There are various types of Service Animals who support people with various types of disabilities2: • A guide animal, trained by authorized vendors to service for mobility, individuals who are visually impaired and/or blind. • A hearing animal, trained to alert a person with significant hearing loss or who is deaf when a sound occurs, such as a knock on the door or fire alarm. • Special skills animals, trained to assist a person who has a mobility or health disability. Duties may include carrying, fetching, opening doors, ringing doorbells, activating elevator buttons, steadying a person while walking, helping a person up after a fall, emotional support, etc. • A seizure response animal, trained to assist a person with a seizure disorder. The animal’s service depends on the person’s needs. The animal may go for help, or may stand guard over the person during a seizure. Some animals have learned to predict a seizure and warn the person. • A companion animal or emotional support animal, to assist persons with psychological disabilities. The animal can help alleviate symptoms such as depression, anxiety, stress and difficulties regarding social interactions, allowing individuals to live independently and fully use and enjoy their living environment. 1 Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11. 2 Adapted from North York