• Service Animals must be accompanied by and be under the full control of their Partner at all times. • The Partner must remain in close proximity to the Service Animal at all times, unless the Partner is in an area where the animal is not allowed. At such times, the Service Animal must be cared for by a designated support person. • Service Animals must be housetrained. • Service Animals, such as guide dogs, should be responsive to voice commands and/or non-verbal cues at all times. • The Service Animal should be restrained on a leash (no longer than 5 feet) or in a harness. If the Service Animal in use is not conducive to a leash or harness, the Service Animal will be in close proximity to their Partner and will be prevented from wandering. • Barking, growling, biting or aggressive behaviour by a Service Animal will not be tolerated or permitted. • Service Animals should not be disruptive to others; this includes interaction with others, disturbing the personal belongings of others, engaging in excessive personal grooming in public settings, or blocking an aisle, passageway, for fire and/or emergency exits. The Partner is responsible for the Care of a Service Animal on Campus: • The Service Animal Partner is responsible for providing water, food and timely bathroom and exercise breaks. • If the Service Animal must be left alone at any time, the Partner must make appropriate arrangements during these periods. • It is the responsibility of the Service Animal Partner to ensure the animal is kept clean, well-groomed and odour free. • The Partner must arrange for the cleaning of any areas necessary due to the presence of the Service Animal. Waste must be cleaned immediately and disposed of properly. This includes on all grounds as well as inside of the College. 3 Roles and Responsibilities adapted from Algonquin College: Use of Service Animals on Campus Policy. Roles Responsibilities The Partner and their Service Animal may be subject to additional procedures to ensure the health and safety of individual departmental areas, including but not limited to the Culinary Arts program, the Construction program and the Nursing program. These procedures should be made in partnership with all the relevant parties, including: the person with a disability, the program area, the Office of Health and Safety, Accessible Learning Services and/or Human Resources. In cooperation with the guidelines for verification of Service Animals, Partners with a disability who use a Service Animal should formalize their accommodation need as required. Students would provide this documentation to their Accessibility Consultant, and Employees would provide this documentation to Human Resources, including the following: (a) Name and credentials of professional or evaluator; (b) Description of the current functional limitations; (c) Specific tasks the Service Animal will perform to meet the accommodation needs of the individual or assist with the functional limitations; (d) Proof of up to date vaccinations, as needed. In the event of a disagreement about the appropriateness of an accommodation, service quality, or an animal exclusion, a student should confer with Accessible Learning Services