from the world and feel confident to explore it. To establish security while in child care, early childhood professionals respond to child’s needs and signals in positive way. Relationships that provide security lead to higher self-esteem and confidence, greater willingness to explore, better control over emotions, and greater problem solving ability. Programs balance achievable challenges in a secure environment. We value and respect the early learning and development that takes place in the context of families and communities establishing pathways for lifelong learning, behavior and health. Because we recognize the primary importance of families in the lives of children, we act to support each child’s attachments to their family. Each child’s family is recognized as the most important influence in the child’s growth and development. Identity and family culture are valued. Respect and openness are promoted through appreciation for family values and we know that our relationships with children must create a continuity of care with home. Our program planning documents and supports building connections and partnerships with both home and family life as well as the community. We avoid preconceived notions create 1 barriers that reduce families’ engagement and equitable outcomes. Our program uses an Emergent Curriculum approach in which environments and experiences are designed to engage children in active, creative and meaningful exploration, play and inquiry. In play, children’s curiosity and joy ensures that ideas and skills become meaningful. Play is the basis of our curriculum because it provides many opportunities for interacting with others and exploring the world while problem-solving, seeing patterns, making predictions, testing them and evaluating the results. Play motivates children’s attention and offers challenges that are within the child’s capacity to master. Curriculum is planned based on observation of children’s skills, developments and interests. Educators share in the joy of each child’s achievements. This promotes confidence and helps to integrate learning. In play, they are learning about the social world and the world of things. In their play children hear and use language. They practice emerging number and literacy skills. Programs are planned to ensure that activities and experiences are balanced and are interspersed into the flow of the program day with the provision of periods for children to renew, refresh and re-energize themselves with appropriate nutrition breaks, rest periods and opportunities to address personal hygiene needs. It is in this high quality program experience that children think, express feelings, define what is fair, build physical strength, and interact with peers and adults. Children cope with ups and downs and recover from distress, learning strategies for self-regulation. They develop a sense of self and belonging. All these build competent, flexible adaptation that nurtures children through change and stability in their lives. Continuity of learning is essential to GBC curriculum so we build on families’ unique knowledge of their children and support reciprocal home and centre learning. At GBC Lab Child Care Centres we create communities that promote learning, development and recognize that is happens with in the context of relationships among children, families, and educators. Our Lab School Programs are informed by the research and theory