speak directly with their Manager / Representative, or Supervisor, Union Representative, or Human Resources Consultant. Human Resources • The employee registering the concern will be asked to Consultant provide medical documentation that identifies their functional capabilities/limitations, allowing a determination to be made as to the need for and the nature of the accommodation. • If a workplace accommodation is required for employees with a disability, please refer to the George Brown College Workplace Accommodation policy. All Employees / The The College’s commitment and obligations under the AODA extend College to ensuring that all employees, volunteers, third-party contractors/consultants, paid students/interns, any persons who participate in the development of the college’s policies and all other persons who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of the college are properly trained on the requirements of the accessibility standards and on the Human Rights Code, including how to interact with persons with disabilities who are accompanied by service animals. (O. Reg. 191/11, s. 7). All employees are required to ensure an inclusive environment when working with Partners and their Service Animals. These responsibilities include: • Completing mandatory AODA training on PD Place - GBC's online professional development management system for all employees - which outlines how to interact with persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a Service Animal. • Allowing a Service Animal to accompany the Partner at all times and in all areas on campus where members of the Roles Responsibilities public and students customarily have access, or in the case of an employee, where employees customarily have access. • Maintain a respectful distance from the Service Animal. It is not appropriate to pet, feed or startle a Service Animal while it is working; ask permission before touching the animal as this might distract it from its work. • Ensure that the person using a Service Animal is included and not isolated from others. Additional procedures may be required to ensure the health and safety of individual departmental areas, including but not limited to the Culinary Arts program, the Construction program and the Nursing program. These procedures should be made in partnership with all the relevant parties, including: the person with a disability, the program area, the Office of Health and Safety, Accessible Learning Services and/or Human Resources. In cooperation with the guidelines for verification of Service Animals, employees with a disability who use a Service Animal should formalize their accommodation need, as needed, in accordance with the Workplace Accommodation policy, providing documentation to Human Resources, including the following: (a) Name and credentials of professional or evaluator; (b) Description of the current functional capabilities; (c) Specific tasks the Service Animal will perform to meet the accommodation needs of the individual or assist with the functional capabilities; (d) Proof of up to date vaccination, as needed. In the event of a disagreement about the appropriateness of an accommodation, service quality, or an animal exclusion, an employee should confer with Human Resources and if the concern is not resolved, may contact the college’s AODA Coordinator. Exclusions A Service Animal may be excluded when any one of