bring their Service Animal with them into areas of the premises open to the public or to third parties. Areas are considered open to the public even if they are only open to those people who have paid an admission fee, are members or have met certain eligibility or entrance requirements. In cases where another law prohibits a Service Animal from entering certain areas, the College must endeavour to provide another way for the person to access College services. For example: Ontario Regulation 562 under the Health Protection and Promotion Act states that animals are not allowed in places where food is manufactured, prepared, processed, handled, served, displayed, stored, sold or offered for sale. However, it does make an exception to allow service dogs in areas where food is normally sold, served or offered for sale. If the Service Animal is prohibited by another law, it is the College’s obligation to explain to the Service Animal Partner why the Service Animal is prohibited and discuss other ways to serve them, including alternate spaces. This process may include: • Serving the individual in another area where the animal is allowed; or • Leaving the Service Animal in a safe area where it’s allowed, and offering assistance to the person while they’re separated from the animal. As a best practice and proactive measure, the College should identify any areas where a Service Animal would be prohibited by law and consider options ahead of time to ensure that alternatives can be offered in a timely manner. Separation of Service Animal from its Partner All reasonable efforts will be made to accommodate the person and their Service Animal. Whenever possible the college should endeavour to pre-plan for the accompaniment of a Service Animal within the community. If the Partner knows they will be separated from their Service Animal due to prohibitions by other laws such as infection control, health, or safety issues, the Partner is responsible for pre-planning with a support person to care for their animal in their absence. Partners should pre-assign when possible, or designate as needed, an emergency contact if, under an unplanned or emergent situation, the Partner needs to be separated from their Service Animal. Roles and Responsibilities3 Roles Responsibilities Service Animal Partner The Partner is responsible for the management of their Service Animal: • Service Animals must be accompanied by and be under the full control of their Partner at all times. • The Partner must remain in close proximity to the Service Animal at all times, unless the Partner is in an area where the animal is not allowed. At such times, the Service Animal must be cared for by a designated support person. • Service Animals must be housetrained. • Service Animals, such as guide dogs, should be responsive to voice commands and/or non-verbal cues at all times. • The Service Animal should be restrained on a leash (no longer than 5 feet) or in a harness. If the Service Animal in use is not conducive to a leash or harness, the Service Animal will be in close proximity