the same place and in the same or similar way as other customers. Equal Opportunity - persons with disabilities have the same access as others to obtain, use and benefit from goods or services. BACKGROUND The AODA became law on June 13, 2005. Under this landmark legislation, the government of Ontario developed mandatory accessibility standards that identify, remove and prevent barriers for people with disabilities. Effective July 1, 2016, the Customer Service Standards (which came into effect on January 1, 2008), have been consolidated with the Integrated Accessibility Standards into one regulation, the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards (under Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11), which includes the following five accessibility standards: • Information and Communication Standards; • Employment Standards; • Transportation Standards; • Design of Public Spaces Standards (Accessibility Standards for the Built Environment); and • Customer Service Standards. George Brown College’s previously published AODA Policy and Customer Service Standard Policy are now consolidated in this document, in alignment with this legislative update. This AODA policy also replaces the college’s E-Information Accessibility Policy (2003). SCOPE This policy applies to all members of the college, which includes all employees, students, volunteers and any others, including third parties, who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of the organization and serve the college community. George Brown College’s AODA Accessibility Policy will govern how the organization achieves or will achieve accessibility through meeting the requirements referred to in the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards (under Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11). The college’s accessibility policy is not a replacement or substitution for the requirements established under the Human Rights Code, nor does it limit any obligations owed to persons with disabilities under any other legislation (O. Reg. 191/11, s. 1 (2)). George Brown College will ensure compliance with all related college policies and all other applicable legislation, including: • Human Rights Code, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.19 • Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11 • O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards If any such laws conflict, the provision that provides the highest level of accessibility for persons with disabilities with respect to goods, services, facilities, employment, accommodation, buildings, structures or premises is the law that will be followed (Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11, s. 38). If anyone has questions about the policy, or if the purpose of the policy is not understood, an explanation should be provided by or referred to the AODA Coordinator of the College. This document is available in alternative format upon request. DEFINITIONS Word/Term Definition Accessible May include, but are not limited to, large print, recorded audio and electronic formats formats, braille and other formats usable by persons with disabilities; (“format accessible”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Barrier A barrier is defined by the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act as “anything that prevents a person with a disability from fully participating in all aspects of society because of their disability, including a physical barrier, an architectural