development and approvals of customer service policies, practices and procedures. This training will be provided as a condition of employment to all new staff and on an ongoing basis for staff to ensure currency with any policy or procedural change as it relates to the AODA and the college’s accessibility policies. Training is available in accessible formats and multiple formats. The training includes: • The purposes of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act 2005, the requirements of the Integrated Accessibility Standards and how these regulations work to support the Ontario Human Rights Code. • How to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities. • How to interact with people with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal or a support person. • What to do if a person with a disability is having difficulty accessing goods and services at George Brown College in any area or department. 6.10 FEEDBACK PROCESS REQUIRED The ultimate goal of George Brown College is to meet and surpass customer expectations while providing service to customers with disabilities. Comments regarding how well those expectations are being met are welcomed and appreciated. The college is also required to solicit feedback on the accessibility of specific customer service processes and make the feedback accessible to people with disabilities by providing or arranging for accessible formats and communication supports upon request. Feedback regarding the way George Brown College provides goods and services to people with disabilities can be made by contacting the AODA Coordinator of the college. Customers can expect to hear back within five business days. Contact information is provided on the college’s AODA website and feedback can be provided by email, verbally or in person by setting up an appointment. Complaints will be addressed to George Brown College’s Diversity, Equity and Human Rights Services Office through direct contact with the Human Rights Advisor to the President. A response back to the customer that the complaint has been received and that the matter will be looked into will be provided within two business days. Complaints can be provided to the Human Rights Advisor to the President by email, verbally or in person by setting up an appointment. 6.11 FORMAT OF DOCUMENTS When the college is required to give a copy of a document to a person with a disability, the college will, upon request, provide or arrange for the provision of the document, or the information contained in the document, to the person in an accessible format or with communication support, in a timely manner that takes into account the person’s accessibility needs due to disability; and at a cost that is no more than the regular cost charged to other persons. The college will consult with the person making the request in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. 7.0 QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY George Brown College’s AODA Accessibility Policy exists to provide clear guidance on how the college will achieve the obligations and responsibilities of all applicable accessibility standards under the Accessibility for Ontarians