George Brown College’s Lab School Philosophy CHILDREN REQUIRE ENVIRONMENTS THAT RESPECT WHO THEY ARE AND WHO THEY ARE BECOMING. “COMPETENT,CAPABLE,CURIOUS, AND RICH IN POTENTIAL.” GBC/Lab Child Care Centres achieve this by designing programs that plan for each child’s individuality while providing opportunities to develop the skills necessary to adapt and thrive. We balance the needs of the individual and the group. We integrate current research, theory and practice, knowledge of children, families and community, and recent studies of health and well-being to create programs. The principals in the document How Does Learning Happen?: Ontario’s Pedagogy for the Learning Years serves as a guide to inform our program and is incorporated into ongoing discussions with Staff, families and other key stakeholders as a means to inform our practice and our program development. Our program is informed by the four foundational conditions outlined in the Ministry document that are important for children to grow and flourish: Belonging, Well- Being; Engagement and Expression. These foundations or “ways of being” are threaded through all aspects all aspects of the program and underpin our goals for children and expectations for the program. Our program statement is reviewed annually by the program team, the faculty and the Program Advisory Committee. The principal that children are respected as “being competent, capable, curious and rich in potential” is foundational in our practice. Each child develops in a unified process. Since all elements of development are of equal importance, our programs facilitate social, emotional, intellectual, language and physical skill development. We provide inclusive child care that reflects a belief that all children belong together as a whole group, with the appropriate supports required for success. We foster each child’s sense of belonging between themselves, other children, adults and the world around them. A safe, healthy environment is fundamental to all program activity. Children are supported to interact and communicate in a positive way and we foster their ability to self- regulate. Guidance in each program involves setting clear limits that protect children from harm and to teach acceptable behavior. Appropriate guidance supports the child to feel secure enough to reach out and learn. Necessary limits are individualized and are balanced with admiration for children’s achievements and strengths. We use consistent daily routines that supply predictability that helps a child learn what to expect from the world and feel confident to explore it. To establish security while in child care, early childhood professionals respond to child’s needs and signals in positive way. Relationships that provide security lead to higher self-esteem and confidence, greater willingness to explore, better control over emotions, and greater problem solving ability. Programs balance achievable challenges in a secure environment. We value and respect the early learning and development that takes place in the context of families and communities establishing pathways for lifelong learning, behavior and health. Because we recognize the primary importance of families in the lives of children, we act to support each child’s attachments to their family. Each child’s family is recognized as the most important influence in the child’s growth and development. Identity and family