activating elevator buttons, steadying a person while walking, helping a person up after a fall, emotional support, etc. • A seizure response animal, trained to assist a person with a seizure disorder. The animal’s service depends on the person’s needs. The animal may go for help, or may stand guard over the person during a seizure. Some animals have learned to predict a seizure and warn the person. • A companion animal or emotional support animal, to assist persons with psychological disabilities. The animal can help alleviate symptoms such as depression, anxiety, stress and difficulties regarding social interactions, allowing individuals to live independently and fully use and enjoy their living environment. 1 Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11. 2 Adapted from North York General Hospital Policy Manual: Service Animals I-220 CROSS REFERENCE: Pet Animal Visitation and AODA – Customer Service I-225. Identifying and Welcoming Service Animals All reasonable efforts will be made to accommodate the person and their Service Animal. Under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities (AODA) Integrated Accessibility Standards, there are no restrictions on what type of animal can be used as a Service Animal. An animal is a Service Animal for a person with a disability if: • the animal can be readily identified as one that is being used by the person for reasons relating to the person’s disability, as a result of visual indicators such as the vest or harness worn by the animal; or • the person confirms the status of the Service Animal with a license or certification upon request; or • the person formalizes their accommodation, providing documentation from a regulated health professional to the relevant parties confirming that the they require the animal for reasons relating to the disability: Students would provide this documentation to their Accessibility Consultant, and o Employees would provide this documentation to Human Resources o If the Service Animal cannot be readily identified: • Don’t make assumptions; remember that the individual is not required to disclose their disability or demonstrate how the animal assists them. • If it is unclear whether the animal is a pet or a Service Animal, ask the individual; anyone can request to see the certification for the Service Animal to confirm its status. Please note, the certificate for an official Service Animal is distinct from the o documentation from a regulated health professional which can only be requested by Accessible Learning Services or Human Resources. • If it is not readily apparent that the animal is a Service Animal being used by a person for reasons relating to their disability and they would like their Service Animal to be reflected in a formal accommodation plan, the person may provide a letter from a regulated health professional to the relevant parties verifying that the animal is required for reasons relating to their disability. In such a circumstance, students would provide this documentation to their Accessibility Consultant, and Employees would provide this documentation to Human Resources. • If the person submits valid documentation, they must be allowed to be accompanied by