AODA Status Report which reflects George Brown College’s progress in removing and preventing barriers by outlining the initiatives and achievements in meeting the various requirements of this regulation as stipulated in the multi-year plan, and documents other related initiatives that support accessibility. 1.4 ACCESSIBLE PROCURING OR ACQUIRING GOODS, SERVICES OR FACILITIES AND SELF-SERVE KIOSKS The college will incorporate accessibility design, criteria and features when procuring or acquiring goods, services or facilities, including self-serve kiosks, except where it is not practicable to do so. In the event that it is not practicable to do so, George Brown College will provide a written explanation, detailing why accessibly criteria could not be incorporated in the procurement or acquisition of goods, services, facilities, and/or kiosks. The Ontario Colleges developed a Procurement Toolkit to support accessible procurement processes in the sector. Please visit the college’s Procurement website for additional information. 1.5 TRAINING The college ensures all employees, volunteers, third-party contractors/consultants, paid students/interns, any persons who participate in the development of the college’s policies and all other persons who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of the college receive training on the requirements of the accessibility standards and on the Ontario Human Rights Code, as it pertains to persons with disabilities. The training that is provided shall be appropriate to the duties of the employees, volunteers and other persons. The college has taken the necessary steps to ensure all new employees receive training as soon as practicable. When any changes are made to this policy the college ensures that all employees, volunteers and other persons receive training as soon as possible. George Brown College will keep a record of the training provided under this section, including the dates on which the training is provided and the number of individuals to whom it is provided. 2.0 INFORMATION AND COMMUNCATION STANDARDS 2.1 FEEDBACK George Brown College will ensure that the processes for receiving and responding to feedback are accessible and will provide accessible formats and communications supports upon request in accordance with the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards. 2.2 ACCESSIBLE FORMATS AND COMMUNICATION SUPPORTS George Brown College will provide or arrange for the provision of accessible formats and communication supports upon request for persons with disabilities, in a timely manner that takes into account the person’s accessibility needs due to disability, and at a cost that is no more than the regular charged to other persons. George Brown College consults with the person making the request in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. George Brown College notifies the public about its commitment to the availability of accessible formats and communication supports through the college’s AODA website. If it is not technically feasible to convert the information or communications; or if the technology to convert the information or communications is not readily available and it is determined that information or communications are unconvertible, the college will provide the person requesting the information or communication with an explanation as to why the information or communications are unconvertible along with a summary of the unconvertible information or