is in this high quality program experience that children think, express feelings, define what is fair, build physical strength, and interact with peers and adults. Children cope with ups and downs and recover from distress, learning strategies for self-regulation. They develop a sense of self and belonging. All these build competent, flexible adaptation that nurtures children through change and stability in their lives. Continuity of learning is essential to GBC curriculum so we build on families’ unique knowledge of their children and support reciprocal home and centre learning. At GBC Lab Child Care Centres we create communities that promote learning, development and recognize that is happens with in the context of relationships among children, families, and educators. Our Lab School Programs are informed by the research and theory of our College classrooms. We value the knowledge and experience of our qualified Staff as well as the commitment and willingness to learn that our faculty and student educators bring to the program. Staff is committed to reflective practice, collaborative inquiry, and continuous learning and to that end these activities are supported via a variety of professional learning opportunities throughout the year. PLAY IS A MEANS TO EARLY LEARNING THAT CAPITALIZES ON CHILDREN’S NATURAL CURIOSITY AND EXUBERANCE. “The developmental literature is clear: play stimulates physical, social, emotional and cognitive development in the early years. Children need time, space, materials and the support of informed families and thoughtful, skilled Early Childhood Educators in order to become master players. They need time to play for the sake of playing”.1 Pedagogy is about how learning takes place. Play is child-centered activity that engages a young child and promotes learning.2 Play is how children make sense of the world and is an effective method of learning for young children. Ideas and skills become meaningful; tools for learning are practiced; and concepts are understood. 2 Play engages children’s attention when it offers a challenge that is within the child’s capacity to master. Early Childhood settings that value children’s play create a “climate of delight” that honours childhood (EFTO 1999). Effective settings take advantage of play and embed opportunities for learning in the physical environment and play activities. Children who thrive in primary school and whose pathways are set for later academic success are those who enter Grade 1 with strong oral communication skills are confident, able to make friends, are persistent and creative in completing tasks and solving problems and excited to learn.3 These are the same qualities that children strengthen through high quality play during their early years. Quotes from ELECT (Early Learning for Every Child Today- January 2007) 3