or training supplementary learning resources, January 1, 2020 upon request. 2.8 LIBRARIES OF EDUCATIONAL AND TRAINING INSTITUTIONS George Brown College will ensure where available, that we provide, procure or acquire by other means an accessible or conversion ready format of print, digital or multimedia resources or materials for a person with a disability upon request in accordance with the following schedule: in respect of print- based resources or materials, January 1, 2015; and in respect of digital or multimedia resources or materials, January 1, 2020. Further details are available on the college's Library website. 3.0 EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS 3.1 RECRUITMENT George Brown College will take the necessary steps to ensure the availability of accommodation for applicants with disabilities in its recruitment processes. 3.2 RECRUITMENT, ASSESSMENT OR SELECTION PROCESS During the recruitment process the college will notify job applicants, when they are individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process, that accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials or processes to be used. If a request for accommodation is made, the college will consult with the applicant and will provide or arrange for the provision of a suitable accommodation in a manner that takes into account the applicant’s accessibility needs due to disability. 3.3 NOTICE TO SUCCESSFUL APPLICANTS When making offers of employment, George Brown College will inform new employees of the college’s policy for accommodating employees with disabilities. This information will be made available in an accessible format or with communication supports upon request. 3.4 INFORMING EMPLOYEES OF SUPPORTS George Brown College will inform its employees of its policies used to support its employees with disabilities, including, but not limited to, the policy on the provision of workplace accommodations that take into account an employee’s accessibility needs due to disability. This information is provided to new employees as soon as practicable and all employees receive updates to any changes to the college's existing policies on the provision of workplace accommodation as soon as practicable. 3.5 ACCESSIBLE FORMATS AND COMMUNICATION SUPPORTS FOR EMPLOYEES George Brown College will ensure that all information and communication is available in accessible formats or with communication supports upon request. This includes information that is needed by an employee in order to perform their job and information that is generally available to all employees in the workplace. The employer shall consult with the employee making the request in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. 3.6 WORKPLACE EMERGENCY RESPONSE INFORMATION George Brown College has prepared the Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures that outline emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the College community including the provision of individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability and who have made a request of their need for accommodation due to the disability. George Brown College will only provide workplace emergency response information to those involved in the employee’s individualized plan with consent from the employee with a disability. George Brown College reviews the information in the individualized workplace emergency response plan when the employee moves to a different location in the