Take the time to consider making your online meetings accessible for TAKE everyone. Accessibility is one of our commitments, outlined in GBC Values, Vision 2030, Strategy 2026, and in our AODA and Accessibility policy. Accessibility benefits everyone! Many face barriers in accessing information, communication and digital technology, impacting their participation, learning and inclusion. Barriers FOR are shaped by context, multiple intersecting factors such as race, gender, disability, sexuality, socio-economic status, the environment and systems in which one finds themselves navigating. Here are 5 principles that help us increase access in an online setting: ACCESSIBILITY 1 PROACTIVE • Provide in advance meeting agenda and documents, in accessible formats. • Ask about access needs and offer accessibility accommodations in invitations. OFFICE OF ANTI-RACISM, 2 PERCEIVABLE EQUITY AND HUMAN RIGHTS SERVICES (OAREHRS) CONTACT • Content can be perceived in various ways; turn on captioning, INFORMATION: read PowerPoints and chats, describe graphs, charts, diagrams and images. 416-415-5000 • Text is readable, with high colour contrast, and images Human Rights Advisor ........ x4609 representing diverse identities. diversity@georgebrown.ca • Videos include descriptive language and captioning or Sexual Violence transcripts. Response Advisor ................. x3450 3 OPERABLE svra@georgebrown.ca • Navigation and interaction can be done with a mouse, Manager, Accessibility, Inclusion keyboard, or voice commands, allowing sufficient time, such and AODA Compliance as in turning on/off captioning, raising/lowering hand, using aoda@georgebrown.ca breakout rooms or additional external apps. St. James: Room 264D 4 UNDERSTANDABLE Casa Loma: Room C221 • Content is easily understood; use plain language, explain Waterfront: Room 230 terminologies and acronyms, avoid flashing or jumpy animation. • Take turns speaking, identify yourself each time you speak, speak clearly, do not cover your mouth, or turn aside when speaking. • Pause, and take a short break for meetings longer than an hour. 5 ROBUST • Content and format can be interpreted reliably by a wide variety of users, accessible and compatible with various digital formats, tools, and devices.