GEORGEBROWNCOLLEGEGREENMEETINGGUIDE George Brown College is committed to reducing the environmental impacts of its facilities and operations by conserving resources and reducing waste. This checklist will help you plan an event or meeting that is in line with George Brown College’s Green Plan commitments. Remember, one of the best ways to reduce our eco­footprint is to practice the 3R’s. Reduce, Reuse and Recycle, in that order of priority. Reduce: ­ Ask that beverages be provided in bulk whenever possible, (e.g., no juice bottles, pop cans, etc.) If you need to request bottled water as part of the service, ask for 1 litre bottles instead of individual servings. ­ Ask for containers (250 ml. or 500 ml.) of milk/cream and bulk sugar instead of single serve containers. ­ Confirm the number of attendees in advance of the meeting to avoid having a surplus of food at the end of the meeting. ­ Distribute hand­outs electronically in advance of the meeting. Ask people to only print out the sections that they really need for reference. ­ If paper is required, ensure that all handouts minimize resource use (i.e., double sided printing). ­ If you are printing special programs or menus for a meeting, ask the Print Shop to print double­sided and use a paper that is either Forest Stewardship Council certified or has a high post consumer recycled paper content. ­ Use the fleet Xerox photocopiers instead of a desk­top printer to print and copy double­sided meeting reports. This will use fewer toner cartridges and will cost less. Reuse: ­ Purchase a water pitcher and re­usable ceramic mugs or plastic cups for your office to use instead of individual water bottles or disposable cups. ­ Leave plastic fruit/cheese platter for Chartwell’s to collect; they will clean and reuse them for another meeting. ­ If you use your own coffee cup at the cafeteria or Tim Horton’s you will get a discount on your coffee purchase. ­ Use reusable name tags and participants to return them at the end of the meeting. ­ All display materials should be re­usable (i.e. no single­event materials with the date of this year's event, unless they can be modified and re­used for future events.) Recycle: ­ Use hallway recycling systems for used glass, metal and plastic containers, and for paper and cardboard. (For larger events ask Housekeeping for additional bins.) ­ If you are getting gifts for participants make sure they are durable, minimally packaged and made from recyclable and/or non­toxic materials. Other Considerations: ­ Offervegetarian menus and/or options, ­­ a vegetarian meal has a smaller eco­footprint. ­ Turn off the lights and any electronics when you leave the meeting room. ­ Don’t forget to “Take 5 for Safety”.