while on George Brown College premises. The College may only require a person with a disability to be accompanied by a support person when on the premises, if, after consulting with the person with a disability and considering the available evidence, the college determines that (a) a support person is necessary to protect the health or safety of the person with a disability or the health or safety of others on the premises; and (b) there is no other reasonable way to protect the health or safety of the person with a disability and the health or safety of others on the premises. Admission fees, if any, would be waived for the support person if they are accompanying a person with a disability for health and safety reasons. If the person’s presence on the premises does not qualify under health and safety, the college shall ensure that notice is given in advance about the amount, if any, payable in respect of the support person. O. Reg. 165/16, s. 16. 6.8 NOTICE OF TEMPORARY DISRUPTION George Brown College ensures that all service areas will provide customers with appropriate notice in the event of a planned or unexpected disruption in the facilities or services usually used by people with disabilities. This notice will include information about the reason for the disruption, its anticipated duration and a description of alternative facilities or services if available. Notice may be given by posting the information at a conspicuous place on premises, by posting it on the college website, or by such other method as is reasonable in the circumstances. George Brown College shall prepare a document, and shall provide a copy of the document to any person upon request, that sets out the following steps to be followed any and every time there is a temporary disruption: • The reason for the disruption; • Its anticipated duration; and • A description of alternative facilities or services, if available. 6.9 TRAINING FOR STAFF, ETC. George Brown College will provide training to all employee groups of the College, including all faculty and staff, part time, sessional and contract employees, third-party contractors or consultants, paid students or interns, or volunteers, and others who deal with the public or other third parties on their behalf, and all those who are involved in the development and approvals of customer service policies, practices and procedures. This training will be provided as a condition of employment to all new staff and on an ongoing basis for staff to ensure currency with any policy or procedural change as it relates to the AODA and the college’s accessibility policies. Training is available in accessible formats and multiple formats. The training includes: • The purposes of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act 2005, the requirements of the Integrated Accessibility Standards and how these regulations work to support the Ontario Human Rights Code. • How to interact and communicate with people with various types of disabilities. • How to interact with people with disabilities who use an assistive device or require the assistance of a service animal