College requires that any electronic communications from full­time and part­time day registered students, post­secondary and non post­secondary, be sent from their official George Brown College email accounts. Note: Faculty who use Blackboard for course delivery may require that students communicate with them through Blackboard regarding course issues. Forwarding Student Email Students may choose to forward email from their George Brown College email account to another email address. Forwarding email is done at the student's risk. The College takes no responsibility for forwarded emails that fail to be delivered or are not able to be read. Students are responsible to maintain and to update forwarding address information in the system and to ensure that emails are being forwarded in a timely and reliable fashion. Students remain responsible to ensure that all College communication sent to their official George Brown College email account is received and read. STUDENT EMAIL USE GUIDELINES These step­by­step guidelines have been developed to assist College Programs and Services to use the new Student Email system in a considered, targeted way that will provide students with valuable information they need, but not overwhelm them with email messages. They are not intended to impede the on­going communication between individual students and staff regarding college business. Step 1 Each year, Programs/Services determine the types of emails they want to send to students. Types of acceptable emails to students fall into two categories: Category I: Ongoing Program Information Examples include: o Early alert o Dropping courses o Progress meetings with coordinators/faculty o Deadlines for requirements such as SmartServ and Police Checks o Self­study course test information o Cancelled classes, change of schedule, change of rooms o Welcome emails Category II: Ongoing Student Service Information Examples include: o Library – holds/overdue notices, changes to library services o Information regarding student loans Programs can include other types of emails in either category. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors Feb 10, 2010 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines STUDENT EMAIL POLICY ­ STEP 2 The Dean/Director approves each ‘email types list’ and submits it to the Registrar with a request to provide the Program/Service with access to the relevant student email addresses. STEP 3 For emails to students on topics beyond Program requirements, all requests for approval, including the purpose and frequency of the communication, must be made directly to the Registrar, Vice­President of Marketing and SEM or Vice­President, Academic, as appropriate. Examples include: o Research studies o Surveys o Employer communications o Alumni communications o School Closures Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors Feb 10, 2010