George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines STUDENT EMAIL POLICY ­ This policy establishes the rights and responsibilities of both users and providers of George Brown College Student Email. COLLEGE USE OF STUDENT EMAIL George Brown College Student Email is the official student email address to which the College will send email communications to communicate College­wide messages. Examples of the College's use of student email are, but are not limited to: registration information, course cancellations, fee payment and deadline information, financial aid information, library business information, appropriate academic information, College closures, and health or safety related information. For full­time and part­time day students, post­secondary and non post­secondary, official email correspondence from the College will be sent only to the College address and not to any other email address. APPROVALS AND ACCOUNTABILITY The College Registrar shall administer and apply this policy. Only the Registrar, the Vice­President, Marketing and Strategic Enrollment Management, the Vice­President, Academic or the President may authorize use of the system for the sending of emails to all, or groups of students. College Centres are required to apply to the Registrar regarding the types and frequency of emails they want to send to their students. Types of allowable email are described in the Student Email Use Guidelines. All use of email including use for sensitive or confidential information will be consistent with privacy legislation and will comply with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and associated regulation(s). Students and College employees using George Brown College Student Email accounts are expected to adhere to the College’s Information Technology Acceptable Use Policy for Students and the Information Technology Acceptable Use Policy, respectively and to the pertinent Codes of Conduct. STUDENT RESPONSIBILITY Students are responsible to check and read their George Brown College email messages on a frequent and consistent basis. The College will operate on the assumption that email communications are read in a timely fashion. Students have the responsibility to recognize that certain communications may be time­critical. Students who do not have access to computers in their home or work places are expected to use open access computers available on campus or other computers off campus to access their email. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors Feb 10, 2010 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines STUDENT EMAIL POLICY ­ The College requires that any electronic communications from full­time and part­time day registered students, post­secondary and non post­secondary, be sent from their official George Brown College email accounts. Note: Faculty who use Blackboard for course delivery may require that students communicate with them through Blackboard regarding course issues. Forwarding Student Email Students may choose to forward email from their George Brown College email account to another email address. Forwarding email is done at the student's risk. The College takes no responsibility for forwarded emails that fail to be delivered or are not able to be read. Students are responsible to maintain and to update forwarding address information in the system and to ensure that emails are being forwarded in a timely and reliable fashion. Students remain responsible to ensure