time to allow all employees, full and part-time, to participate. This led to our response rate increasing by over 50% allowing for a broader and more comprehensive view of overall engagement in the college. Results have been shared at the organizational and divisional levels. Action planning is underway, with plans to be completed by the end of August 2019. We continue to focus on employee success, which contributes to student success, through a targeted approach to teamwork, engagement, performance and development, including leveraging SMART goals and accountabilities in performance reviews for both admin and support staff. Employee development plans are tied to resource and succession planning, and allow for an organizational view, looking for key talent, roles and gaps. George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - 2019-2020 Key Objectives Planning for the Future (Strategy 2022 and Vision 2030) In 2019-20, we will complete the strategy documentation and move into activation, working with our communities, internal and external, to bring the strategy to life. The new strategic plan will be managed in two year sprints, allowing George Brown to be responsive in the decade ahead – informed by trends, signals and forces that inspire innovation as we continuously improve and accelerate. Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success During the coming year, the College will continue to launch and evolve multiple programs to meet industry demand. Areas of focus will be consistent with our Strategic Mandate Agreement. We will pursue credentials that are flexible and the most responsive to industry needs. This year the college will prepare and plan for the 2020 College Quality Assurance Audit, while continuing its ongoing quality assurance via in- depth program review. The work examines market demand/evolution, technology change by sector, financial performance/resource utilization, digitization, interdivisional collaboration and the impact of current and future programs on graduate jobs. The college is developing curriculum frameworks for integration of sustainability, indigenization, digitization and internationalization into curriculum as appropriate. The Division of Student Success will focus on increasing student self- resourcefulness in information seeking and problem solving. There will be an increase in student self-help and peer-directed resources, and a focus towards student digital navigation through the website and apps. In alignment to MTCU’s Guiding Principles for Experiential Learning, the College continues to move forward on our commitment to improve access to, and the quality of, experiential learning activities to students. Our goals include deployment of technology college-wide to manage and coordinate the student WIL experience, develop a culture of quality experiential learning and ensure career skills development integration within our academic programming. George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships George Brown continues to build interconnected partnerships with institutions, industry and community. We are developing partnerships with employers and industry to increase career relevancy for learners through co-creation of educational models and delivery, as well as expanding our academic and institutional partnerships to collaborate through course sharing, faculty exchange and joint programs. We became the first college to partner with the Toronto Public Library, embarking on a memorandum of