Citizenship Canada:  The Occupation Specific Language Training program is a funded consortium of 14 Ontario colleges under the umbrella of Colleges Ontario. It involves close co-operation among participating schools, especially among those in the GTA.  Planning for Canada is administered through Colleges and Institutes Canada, involving a close partnership with that organization and with other participating colleges and settlement agencies across the country. George Brown College has a close partnership with COSTI Immigrant Services, its settlement counterpart for Ontario.  The Mentoring Partnership is funded by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada, but administered through a close partnership with the Toronto Region Immigrant Employment Council. Assaulted Women’s and Children’s Counsellor/Advocate Program The Assaulted Women’s and Children’s Counsellor/Advocate program is based on understanding how systems of oppression intersect with interpersonal violence. Students learn to engage with social justice and activism and they develop feminist anti-oppressive counselling and advocacy tools. The faculty in this program includes a broad range of community activists, educators, counsellors and advocates from a variety of human service, non- profit, and grassroots community organizations. As the only program of its kind in Canada, Assaulted Women’s and Children’s Counsellor/Advocate includes 750 hours of practical, hands-on field placement experience in the community, with optional international placement opportunities available. Faculty in the program have been working to develop online courses that reflect inclusivity. One such example is a developmental psychology course that uses digital avatars to represent children of different ages and abilities. The students work with the avatars throughout the semester to gain a better understanding of the lens through which the children experience their growth into adulthood. Services for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing George Brown College is a leader in access for students and staff who are deaf, deafened and hard of hearing. It is the only Ontario college that offers American Sign Language interpretation program, a Deaf and Deaf-Blind program, and Academic Upgrading for deaf students. It is also the only college that employs a full-time American Sign Language staff interpreter. George Brown plays a unique role by coordinating American Sign Language interpretation and computerized note-taking for deaf students across all colleges in the GTA. The deaf and hard of hearing population experiences some of the lowest rates of employment in Canada. Deaf Learn Now, George Brown College’s online literacy program for adults who are deaf and hard of hearing, now offers a free, deaf-friendly Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System course. The course is offered as a free, blended/flipped learning experience for deaf adults to take over five evenings. Learners participate in the online component, completing quizzes and the certification test, while being supported by deaf teachers who explain concepts more comprehensively in person. All content in the online course is written in plain English and has accompanying American Sign Language videos. Upon successful completion of the course, learners earn a Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System certificate, which can assist them in securing or maintaining employment.  16 3.3 Metrics and Expected Values 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Expected Value Number of students with disabilities enrolled 2,388 Proportion of