Toronto’s Our students gave Prime Minister Justin from one of the world’s most influential Corktown neighbourhood, opened its doors in September. of 2,000 students has grown to more than Trudeau a first-hand look at the latest media platforms when Google selected our Originally home to American athletes during the 2015 Pan 29,000. And the role we play in the social, construction technologies and practices St. James Campus as the home of Canada’s Am and Parapan Am Games, the residence anchors a new when he visited our Casa Loma Campus. cultural and economic health of our city first YouTube Creator Space. Our students mixed-use community focused on health and wellness. The Prime Minister toured the carpentry and our province has never been greater. designed YouTube’s lobby and workshop areas, The George extends the student experience beyond the shop and Building Information Modeling creating a colourful space that offers training, classroom, helping residents develop the people skills (BIM) lab, where students, faculty and networking and production opportunities employers value most. partners use 3D imaging technology to for online video content creators. bring construction projects to life. 2 3 IN THE Visit our 50th Anniversary webpage » 1974 1968 Doors open to crowded classes 1973 Designing a symbol for the city A citywide competition to create a new flag for Toronto is 1967 The college begins operations on March 1, with 2,009 students and 187 instructors spread across five buildings on two campuses: Campus by a castle announced. Favoured out of 700 submissions, the winning flag depicts a stylized version of City Hall with a maple leaf at its heart, the Dartnell Campus near Casa Loma and the Nassau Street Birth of a college To meet surging space demands, George Brown adds a sprawling created by George Brown graphic design student Rene DeSantis. Campus in Kensington Market. Overcrowding is an immediate new building at 160 Kendal Ave. The newly renamed Casa Loma Minister of Education Bill Davis establishes Ontario’s public In the late 1990s, City Council holds another flag design contest concern – with some programs forced to run in three shifts, from Campus offers programs in construction, computer systems and college system. In Canada’s centennial year he suggests that the but none of the new submissions are approved, and the DeSantis 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. – and the search begins for additional space. networks, jewellery-making and dance. A celebratory open house college designated to serve Toronto be named after Father of design is selected to remain Toronto’s official flag. features program demonstrations and a short movie titled The Confederation George Brown, noting: “the city to which George City is Our Campus. Brown added such lustre as a reformer, journalist, and statesman should honour him in this way.” George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is legally founded through an amalgamation of the Provincial Institute of Trades and the Provincial Institute of Trades and Occupations. Graham Bezant/Toronto Star/Getty Images 1983 1984 1976 Hosting a Prime Minister George Brown College hosts Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau A solid foundation for student success A new