got what it takes. As a member of the George Brown Huskies men’s basketball team, he broke multiple records, earned 15 Vadim Halimov awards and was named the Ontario Colleges Athletic Association’s Male Athlete of the Year. Most importantly, STUDENT BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION – MARKETING he built the teamwork skills employers are looking for – ADVANCED DIPLOMA (WITH CO-OP) skills that will help him become an MVP in the workplace just like he is on the court. 20 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 21 APPLIED RESEARCHER SUPPORTIVE E MPLOYER Miriam Tuerk CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER CLEAR BLUE TECHNOLOGIES George Brown’s commitment to applied research is putting “ It takes a community students and industry partners to build a company at the forefront of innovation. and when you’re Just ask Miriam Tuerk, Chief Operating Officer of Toronto a small company, start-up Clear Blue Technologies. Her company has spent you need a network An applied research facility opening at our Casa the past two years collaborating with George Brown to develop prototypes of the Clear Blue hybrid controller, of advisors and Loma Campus in fall 2014 will provide new space which harvests energy from solar panels and a wind turbine to power street lights, mobile signage and other mentors who can for Canadian innovation in green and smart off-grid applications. Miriam and her two co-founders were help you figure it all so impressed with one student they worked with from building. This 9,000-square-foot facility will have our Electromechanical Engineering Technician program out. George Brown a unique focus on sustainable building to better that they hired him as Clear Blue’s first employee. As the company continues to evolve, so does its partnership provides a lot prepare students to lead in this growing area, with George Brown. Now students and staff are helping of that expertise.” streamline the manufacturing process, using both their while creating space for industry to develop and technical knowledge and innovation abilities to solve this miriam tuerk real-world challenge. test new products, services and techniques. 22 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 23 “ Whether you’re dealing with a client or a customer, you always want them to come back happy. You want them to be consistently impressed.” mandy schnurr Before she became the Event Director of iYellow Wine Club – a Toronto-based organization with over 10,000 members – Mandy Schnurr was planning wine-tasting events for her fellow students at George Brown. As a member of the college’s Cultural Connection Club and Wine Tasting Association, Mandy networked with industry leaders and organized events ranging from food- and-wine pairings to Oktoberfest celebrations. She used the customer service skills she learned in class to delight her guests, both at these events and at the fundraising EVENT PLANNER gala she organized as her capstone project. Now Mandy is supporting the next generation of event planners as a CUSTOMER field education employer, providing real-world learning S ERVICE MAVEN opportunities for our students. Through work placements at iYellow Wine Club, these students are honing both the professional skills and people skills they’ll need to follow Mandy Schnurr in