2015 housed the American Foundation—the largest one- 2,3George Brown College Office of Research and Innovation athletes during the 4 Key Performance Indicators, Colleges Ontario, 2015-16 2015 Pan Am & time private donation in the history 5,6George Brown College International Centre of Ontario’s college system. 7 The George Brown College Foundation Parapan Am Games. The George Brown College Thanks to our donors Foundation LEADING GIFTS Everyone deserves equal access to post-secondary education. BOARD OF The George Brown College Foundation is pleased to acknowledge the following individuals, corporations But for many students, there are financial, academic, DIRECTORS and foundations who have pledged gifts to the Success at Work Campaign with a commitment of geographic or socioeconomic barriers standing in the way. $100,000 or more. The generosity of our donors makes it possible for the Foundation to help the college 2015/16 achieve its goal that no student is denied an education at George Brown due to financial constraints. The George Brown College Foundation empowers students with the tools they need to overcome these barriers, including Noella Milne, Chair $1,000,000+ Concert Properties Ltd. National Bank scholarships and bursaries, academic upgrading and supported Partner, Borden Ladner Gervais LLP B.O.L.T. Charitable Foundation RBC Foundation Noella M. Milne Please visit our website at Scotiabank Group Redpath Sugar Ltd. Peter Lee georgebrown.ca/foundation education programs, and state-of-the-art facilities designed Alan Dean Student Association of George TD Bank Group R. Howard Webster Foundation to make a gift online or Brown College Vincent T. Thomson TBM Service Group Inc. contact us at 416-415- to meet the individual needs of diverse learners. None of this President, Brookfield Partners Foundation The Helderleigh Foundation $100,000 to $249,000 The Counselling Foundation of Canada 5000, ext. 3083 for more would be possible without our donors. Your generosity opens Karen Foss Th E e a t J o o n h n F o C u . n a d n a d t i S o a n lly Horsfall Building Industry & Land The William & Nona Heaslip Foundation i a n d fo o r n m a a ti t o io n n t o a b t o h u e t G m e a o k rg in e g Development Association (BILD) doors for those who thought post-secondary education was President, Roy Foss Motors Ltd. Brown College Foundation. $250,000 to $999,999 Compass Group Canada out of reach, helping them gain skills that will shape their BMO Financial Group Dana & Doug Turnbull Cindy Gouveia CIBC Grenville Management and Publishing careers, their lives and, in turn, our city. President, George Brown College Foundation Thanks to your support we’ve had an outstanding year, led by ANNUAL GIFTS 2015-2016 Peter Lee an $8-million gift from Toronto business leader Jack Cockwell Managing Director & Head, CIBC and the Brookfield Partners Foundation. Donations like this Wood Gundy & CIBC Private Wealth The George Brown College Foundation proudly recognizes the generosity of the following donors who made cash gifts of $5,000 or more during the fiscal year April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2016. provide vital