Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11, the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards, the Ontario Human Rights Code, R.S.O. 1990, c. H.19, and the college’s AODA Accessibility Policy, the college will proactively seek to reasonably accommodate employees by removing barriers that limit, restrict or prevent individuals with disabilities from participating fully and equally in the workplace. The college’s commitment extends to all employment activities: recruitment and selection, orientation, working conditions, promotion, training, performance management, career development and workforce transition. This policy is distinct from George Brown College’s Return to Work Policy which supports all employees returning to work after an injury or illness, and provides guidance to assess and support individual cases and accommodations upon their return to work. Employees with occupational illness/injuries may be referred to George Brown College’s Health and Safety Policy as required by the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act. 2 Workplace Accommodation Policy 3.0 DEFINITIONS Word/Term Definition Accommodation Any modification to the work or the workplace, including but not limited to reduced hours, reduced productivity requirements, and/or the provision of assistive devices, that results in work becoming available that is consistent with the worker’s functional abilities and that respects applicable human rights legislation. WSIB Responsibilities of the Parties in Work Reintegration. Alternative Work Different work or work that does not necessarily involve similar skills, responsibilities and compensation. Alternative work may be either temporary or permanent. Ontario Human Rights Commission. Barrier A barrier is defined by the Accessibility for Ontarian’s with Disabilities Act as “anything that prevents a person with a disability from fully participating in all aspects of society because of his or her disability, including a physical barrier, an architectural barrier, an information or communications barrier, an attitudinal barrier, a technological barrier, a policy or a practice; (“obstacle”). Bona Fide Occupational The Supreme Court of Canada has set out the following three-step test Requirements for justifying a discriminatory standard, factor, requirement or rule as a bona fide requirement: 1) was adopted for a purpose or goal that is rationally connected to performing the job 2) was adopted in good faith, in the belief that it is necessary to fulfill a legitimate work-related purpose 3) is reasonably necessary to accomplish the work-related purpose. To show that the standard is reasonably necessary, employers must show that it is impossible to accommodate individual employees sharing the characteristics of the claimant without imposing undue hardship upon the employer. Ontario Human Rights Commission. Confidentiality of Personal information (e.g. medical information concerning an Information employee’s restrictions or personal/family information) cannot be released (e.g. by the employee’s doctor) without the written consent of the employee. In order to facilitate the accommodation process, employees must not unreasonably withhold such information. All confidential information will be kept in a secure location and will be used solely for the purpose for which it was released. The information will be housed in the Human Resources Department. Disability The Ontario Human Rights Commission and the Accessibility for Ontarian’s with Disabilities Act define “disability” as: a) any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation or disfigurement