vision that guides everything we do, from partnerships with industry to the integration of state-of-the-art technology on campus. keY PRIORITIeS OF OuR ACADeMIC PlAn FOR 2013-2016 Curriculum: We will advance program quality, currency and relevancy and expand pathways to further education, including degree completion, within the college and beyond. Learning experiences: We will innovate in teaching and learning by advancing experiential learning across the college and providing supports for students to increase retention and program completion. Culture: We will promote academic leadership and foster continuous professional development among faculty and staff. “l earning a trade will shape you and make you more of a complete person. If you work with your hands, you always work with your head too.” Frank Stronach Founder, Magna International We enGAGe InDuSTRY leADeRS TO InSPIRe OuR STuDenTS. This spring, we welcomed Magna International founder Frank Stronach to our Casa Loma Campus. Encircled by mechanical engineering technology and tool-and- die students, Stronach shared the story of how he turned a tiny tool-and-die shop into one of the world’s largest auto parts manufacturers, becoming a Canadian business legend in the process. He spoke of the incredible value of skilled trades, both for the Canadian leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p18 economy and for the people who learn them. bUilding better CoMMUnities Across the GTA and around the world, our graduates are making a difference in the lives of others. They’re the people who protect our children and care for our grandparents; the ones who file our taxes and make our homes more energy efficient. They’re the lifeblood of Toronto, working behind the scenes to make this city a better place. Graduate 2013, Social Service Worker “G eorge Brown is like my family…it’s like my home.” With prior degrees in midwifery and anthropology, Behnaz was able to fast-track into the Social Service Worker program, giving her access to the professional qualifications and skills she needed to make a difference. As part of her coursework, she put together a project proposal for increasing awareness of domestic violence among Iranian families. During her work placement with Parkdale Community Health, she developed a post-partum depression support group for Iranian women. As an immigrant who has overcome great To Behnaz, George Brown is much more adversity, Behnaz Moeinzadeh understands than just a college; it’s a safe space where the barriers faced by other Iranian women diverse students can explore their options, as they build new lives in Canada. In fact, find support and become empowered. Or, her desire to support other women in her as she puts it, “George Brown is like my community is what led her to George Brown. family…it’s like my home.” Many of our students work directly with the public as part of their learning experience. Pop over to the Distillery District and you’ll find them entertaining audiences at the Young Centre for the Performing Arts. Stroll into our Chefs’ House restaurant on King Street East and see them prepare a fresh meal before your eyes. Head down to the lake and they’re providing health and wellness