2,635 students enrolled in a program with a cooperative education component, which is the highest in the GTA. • Ministry data indicates that the College is in the lowest quartile for retention rates from first to second year (64.1%). • 2012-13 Ministry data indicates that George Brown's Graduation rate (66.6%) is above the sector average (64.8 %). 5 Institutional Strategies • The Ministry notes George Brown's commitment to ensuring there Is a field placement in 100% of qualified programs by 2020. • George Brown has established a retention strategy committee that is using evidence to support a more coordinated college-wide effort to improve retention rates, particularly between first and second year. • Student engagement is a major focus for student retention efforts at George Brown College. The Department of Student Services and Campus life is responding to the needs of the large commuter student population at the College through various student engagement initiatives. These include implementing an expanded Student leadership program, a more engaging Orientation program for new students and welcome back programming for returning students, greater emphasis on student clubs, increased cultural events, and strengthened collaborations with the Student Association. • George Brown is developing a Digital learning Strategy as it considers the use and implementation of elearning, including hybrid, online, and flipped classrooms across its program areas. With support from the Ministry, the College is investing in online and mobile content to support students during their experiential learning components, including the development of an ePortfolio. 2.3 Metrics Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics • Number of eligible (or vocational) • Student Satisfaction Survey results programs with a field placement • Graduation rates component, including co-op • Retention rates • Number of students in • Number of students enrolled in a co-op international study/work program at institution placements • Number of online course registrants, programs, and courses at institution 3. STUDENT POPULATION This component recognizes the unique institutional missions that improve access, retention, and success for underrepresented groups (Aboriginal, first generation, students with disabilities) and francophones. This component also highlights other important student groups that institutions serve that link to their institutional strength. This may include, but is not limited to, international students, mature students, or indirect entrants. 6 3.1 Areas of Institutional Strength George Brown College focuses on improving access and success for underrepresented groups in the areas of: • Deaf students - through the Deaf Learn Now program. • People with mental illness and/or addictions through a partnership for programming and research with the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health. • Aboriginal students -supported by an Elder-in-Residence, designated student centres, Aboriginally-focused course content, Aboriginal counsellor and staff, tutoring, awards, bursaries, and cultural events. • First-generation students. • Immigrants - English for Academic Purposes for ESL students, specialized language instruction for immigrants who are pursuing education in a range of areas including: nursing, business and construction. • Dual credit with high schools and "School within a College." • Partnership with all Pathways to Education sites. • Academic upgrading programs. 3.2 Additional Comments • The Ministry notes George Brown's strength in serving underrepresented