education by enhancing hybrid/blended forms of digital learning. 2. Promote a culture of innovation in flexible learning led by pedagogical effectiveness. 3. Establish an easy-to-use, accessible, and reliable e-learning ecosystem that acts as a single point of entry for students in support of learning, engagement and employment. 4. Measure and manage outcomes related to effectiveness and evaluation of innovation. Online, Hybrid, and Blended Learning George Brown College’s highly regarded simulation software enables students to study electronics, electro- mechanics, robotics and automation via distance education. These asynchronous programs reach a diverse audience of students and minimize per-student training costs. In the Child and Youth Care program, students participate in virtual field trips, which enable them to enhance their global perspective and see child and youth practitioners at work. The graduate certificate program in Digital Media Marketing makes extensive use of blended learning, with in- class, hybrid, and online classes. This unique model immerses students in the online world in course content and format. Soft Skills Course George Brown emphasizes the development of soft skills through field education and co-curricular activities and it has also used exhaustive research with employers to develop a soft skills course. Employers rank teamwork, oral communication, customer-service orientation, efficiency/productivity (work ethic), problem-solving orientation and positive demeanour as the top soft skills they look for in business graduates. The course was developed by a cross-disciplinary team of faculty from the Centre for Business and is mandatory for all students pursuing a diploma or advanced diploma in the Centre. Innovation in English as a Second Language Education The School of English as Second Language has embraced innovative teaching and learning practices by taking advantage of state-of-the-art technology to design and deliver exciting learning experiences. Every course in the English for Academic Purposes program is delivered in a hybrid format, with students completing online modules individually or in small groups. Classroom experiences are also enhanced by technology. Teachers are increasingly using apps to engage students on their mobile devices. The School has replaced fixed computer labs with carts of Microsoft Surface Pros and Apple iPads, so that every classroom can become a laboratory environment.  12 2.3 Metrics and Targets 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Target Graduation Rate 67% Number of students enrolled in an experiential learning 5,500 program (WIL) Total number of registrations in ministry-funded courses 12,800 offered in eLearning formats Total number of ministry-funded courses offered in eLearning 160 formats Total number of ministry-funded programs offered in eLearning 10 formats Retention rates (Yr1 to Yr2) 69% Retention rates (Yr2 to Yr3) 74% Student satisfaction rate (overall) 73.9% Student satisfaction with knowledge and skills 84.8% Student satisfaction with learning experience 77.6% 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Increased faculty use of the learning management system 15% increase* Increased depth of faculty use of the learning management 20% increase* system *These are new metrics. Baselines will be established in 2017-18.  13 3.0 Access and Equity This section recognizes institutions for their efforts in improving postsecondary education equity and access. Institutions play an important role in providing equitable and inclusive environments that make it possible for