off-campus. Uptake of e-text delivery continues to be strong, now 20% of total book sales. The college continued to invest in the renewal and upgrade of its in- class information technology, with $2.1 M primarily in audio-visual George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - renewal, with the expansion of next-generation interactive classroom display technologies. The College achieved 78% faculty utilization of Blackboard, the Learning Management System (LMS) platform, up from 70%. All course outlines are now housed within COMMs, a web-based, comprehensive, effective, and efficient college-wide course outline management system. We continue to develop the use of Blackboard Analytics to improve evidence-based decision making in academic and service areas. The College continued to automate business process with the deployment of new systems. This year, we successfully brought all Human Resources contracts fully online through Cornerstone, and launched My Learning, the professional Development module. Planning for the Banner (Student Information System) upgrades will allow for more efficient implementation in 2018. Build a High-Performing Organization The college introduced a new organizational design that merged several departments, creating two new Divisions. The first consolidated Domestic Marketing, Alumni, Digital Publishing International, and Research under a new VP Strategy & Innovation and the second consolidated Academic and Student Services and Campus Life under one VP Student Success. These changes elevate strategy and students, at all stages of their experience, and respond to the significant student growth that has occurred over the years. Using the framework for Resource and Succession Planning developed in the previous year, a full talent review of the organization at the Director and above level was completed. These results will provide a view to the talent in the College and identifying gaps that can be met with development plans. Following the 2016 Employee Engagement survey, all divisions created and implemented individual action plans, building on strengths and addressing areas of opportunity to improve engagement across the College. At the end of 2017-18, for the first-time employees had performance assessed with the new Goal Setting frameworks, and used the new individual development plans. This process provides a strong framework that provides clear direction and expectations, so we can better support employee engagement and accountability. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - 2018-2019 Key Objectives Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success Consistent with the College’s Strategic Mandate Agreement plans to launch new programs, this coming year we will launch Career Development Practitioner – Graduate Certificate and International Cuisine (insert credential type). This year the college will undertake a Portfolio review of all programs, as we have done every 3-4 years. The work examines market demand/evolution, technology change by sector, financial performance/resource utilization, digitization, interdivisional collaboration and the impact of current and future programs on graduate jobs. The college will also upgrade softskills, aligned with industry expectations, as measured in our employer survey results. The newly formed Division of Student Success will focus on continuous improvement in student co-curriculum learning, retention and success, as an integrated part of College culture, building on and renewing the work and best practices of projects completed over the past 3 years.