made in the SMA (e.g., Major Capacity Expansion and Highly Skilled Workforce). Any such amendment would be mutually agreed to in writing, dated, and signed by both signatories.  2 Ontario’s Vision for Postsecondary Education Ontario’s colleges and universities will drive creativity, innovation, knowledge, skills development and community engagement through teaching and learning, applied research and service. Ontario’s colleges and universities will put students first by providing the best possible learning experience for all qualified learners in an affordable and financially sustainable way, ensuring high quality and globally competitive outcomes for students and Ontario’s economy. George Brown College Mandate, Mission and Vision Institutional mandate, mission, and vision statements describe where an institution currently is and where it sees itself in the future. Mission George Brown is committed to excellence in teaching, applied learning and innovation. By understanding the path from education to employment, we will:  Set the benchmark to which all colleges will aspire and be recognized as a key resource in shaping the future of Toronto as a leading global city.  Build a seamless bridge between learners and employment as we develop dynamic programs and workplace-ready graduates who will be the candidates of choice for employers.  Create a community of lifelong learners, grounded in the principles of access, diversity, mutual respect and accountability. Mandate and Vision George Brown College will be the leader in responding to the effects on the economy of digital and other disruptions. Priority areas for George Brown include programs that support the digital economy; programs that improve health and social outcomes; business programs; and programs that support infrastructure renewal and sustainability. We will introduce new programs and modify curricula across our divisions to ensure that graduates have the skills to develop and apply new technologies in all sectors. We will offer a range of credentials and pathways to meet the needs of industry and students. We will continue to work with our extensive network of industry, community and international partners to ensure that we are preparing workers not only for today’s global workplace, but also for the workplace of the future. We will give our students the innovation literacy skills to leverage technology and develop new processes, services, and products. Our long-term strategic plan, Strategy 2020 is built on comprehensive, evidence-based research that lays out six key pillars for achieving our aim to build a highly skilled workforce that can meet the labour market needs of Toronto and Ontario: 1. Prepare diverse learners for success. 2. Invest in high-performing partnerships. 3. Enable the innovation economy. 4. Build a sustainable business model.  3 5. Leverage state-of-the-art technology. 6. Build a high-performing organization. Strategy 2020 has been an extremely successful framework, guiding tremendous growth and expansion at George Brown. Since 2003, enrolment has doubled and demand from applicants continues to be strong. We have added over 600,000 square feet of academic space, opened our first student residence, and in 2019 we will open our newest academic building on the Toronto waterfront, home to a number of programs aimed at meeting the needs of the digital