Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Annual Report Addendum: Multi-Year Accountability Agreement Report Back Please note that, as was outlined on page one of Appendix B: Multi-Year Agreement Action Plan for Colleges of the Multi-Year Accountability Agreement for Colleges for 2006-07 to 2008-09, the release of the full amount of your 2007-08 and 2008-09 allocations will be conditional on your institution confirming that it is on track for meeting its commitments, or the approval of an improvement plan by the ministry. The ministry will review your Action Plan annually, using this Annual Report Addendum: Multi- Year Accountability Agreement Report Back, and if required, discuss progress made on the commitments outlined in your Action Plan. Based on this review, you may be required to submit an improvement plan to the Ministry. Also as outlined on page one of the Multi-Year Accountability Agreement for Colleges for 2006-07 to 2008-09, implementing the 2006-07 MYAA and future agreements will be part of an evolutionary process. As the Ministry and postsecondary institutions work in collaborative partnership to continuously increase access and improve quality, the results in your report back will inform the development of best practices and the creation of measures of system-wide results. These measures may be incorporated in revised requirements in future years to demonstrate system-wide improvements. Advice from and research undertaken by the Higher Education Quality Council of Ontario (HEQCO) will inform this process. College: George Brown Fiscal Year: 2007-08 A. ACCESS Increased Participation of Under-Represented Students — Measurement As stated in the MYAA, the Ministry is committed to working with the institutions and HEQCO to develop a system measure that will track the participation of under-represented students in a manner that is sensitive to privacy concerns. Measurement Methodologies at Your College Instructions: Referring to your approved MYAA Action Plan, list the measurement methodologies your college uses to determine the presence of under-represented groups (Aboriginal students, first generation students, students with disabilities, and mature students) and Francophone students in its student population. Describe the instrument being used and the categories of students being surveyed. Particularly valuable are methodologies and results that complement those of the Ontario College Student Engagement Survey (OCSES) – for instance, those that address participation in part-time, transition or apprenticeship programs. Individual students may belong to more than one group. In the cells counting respondents for each under- represented group, do not adjust for this potential double-counting. Eliminate any double-counting in the column, “Total Number Self-Identifying as Member of Under-represented Group”. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Student Groups in Your Student Population Total Number Self-Identifying Students as Member of Total Number First with Mature Measurement Aboriginal Generation Disabilities Students Under- of Students Methodology represented Francophone Surveyed, if (including description) # # # # Group Students applicable At this point in time, we are only able to estimate student groups through