○ Representing the Employee; ○ Assisting the Employee in understanding procedures and their responsibilities regarding the WA program; ○ Participating in WA meetings and the assessment and development of WA plans, upon request; ○ Assisting with co-worker communications. 7.0 CONFIDENTIALITY The College is committed to protecting the confidentiality of Employee medical and personal information and ensures that confidentiality is in compliance with national and provincial medical records and privacy laws and that it documents the process used. All parties involved in the Workplace Accommodation process (including but not limited to: Employees, Human Resources, College Departments, Supervisors / Management and Union Representatives, Health Care Professionals) shall protect the confidentiality of employee medical and personal information. Records of personal medical information are kept confidential and separate from Employee human resources records. Human Resources staff are responsible for the safekeeping and protection of confidential documents. All Employees are made aware of when and how information is shared throughout the WA program, including their rights and responsibilities regarding confidentiality. Employee health information is gathered through a process of informed written consent from the Employee with a description of the use, storage, and distribution of their information. 8.0 NON-COMPLIANCE IMPLICATIONS Administrative Penalties for Unincorporated Organizations In accordance with the AODA regulation, George Brown College is subject to the following administrative penalties if deemed non-compliant by the Director of the Accessibility Directorate: Schedule 2: Administrative Penalties for Unincorporated Organizations Impact of Contravention Major Moderate Minor Major $2,000 $1,000 $500 Contravention History Moderate $1,000 $500 $250 11 Workplace Accommodation Policy Impact of Contravention Major Moderate Minor Minor $500 $250 $200 The Accessibility Directorate of Ontario determines the dollar amount of the administrative penalty based on the following factors: • The severity of the impact: The director determines whether, in his or her opinion, the severity of the impact of the contravention is of a minor, moderate or major nature. • The contravention history of the unincorporated organization over the current two-reporting- cycles period. • Schedule 2 is used for unincorporated organizations such as George Brown College. • If the director determines that the contravention is major, and that the contravention history has been major, then the director can treat the penalty determined from Schedule 2 as a daily penalty to a maximum of $50,000 per day for an unincorporated organization. 9.0 SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION Appendix 1: Procedures under this Policy Appendix 2 etc: as needed 10.0 RELATED POLICIES The following policies can be located at the George Brown College Policies page or on the College’s Insite: ● College Code of Conduct ● George Brown College AODA Accessibility Policy ● Workplace Accommodation Policy ● Health and Safety Policy ● Human Rights Discrimination & Harassment ● Medical Certificates Policy ● WSIB Work Reintegration Operational Policy: Responsibilities of the Workplace Parties in Work Reintegration ● Return to Work Policy ● Workers Compensation Policies 11.0 APPENDICES Appendix 1: Individual Accommodation Plan Form 12 Individual Accommodation Plan Form In accordance with Section 28 of the O.Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11, George Brown