Rejection of Individual Accommodation Plan George Brown College recognizes that workplace accommodation process is a partnership between the Employee, their Employer and where appropriate other relevant parties. However, the final decision(s) regarding accommodation will be determined by the college. If an accommodation request is denied, the Employee will be provided with a reason for the denial in an accessible format. 7 Workplace Accommodation Policy 6.0 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Role Responsibilities Candidate ● Prospective employees who may require accommodation during the selection process at the college. ● Candidates for employment and those selected for interviews may inform Human Resources or the Hiring Manager of any accommodation requirement in a timely fashion so that the appropriate accommodation can be arranged. ● Human Resources or the Hiring Manager will collaborate with candidates requiring accommodation to ensure the most appropriate accommodation is arranged. Co-Workers ● Contribute to a supportive working environment. Employee ● Employees are required to inform their immediate Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative of any accommodation requirement. ● Collaborate with the Supervisor / Manager to identify the appropriate workplace accommodation, in consultation with the Human Resources Consultant, the Benefits Office Specialist, the Union Representative or the External Expert (as needed). ● Employees should be willing to collaborate during the accommodation process and to cooperate with relevant activities. ● Employees should share information regarding their disability needs when they are pertinent to identifying the most appropriate, reasonable and necessary accommodation. Employee’s Health Care ● General practitioners or specialists responsible for diagnosing or Professional managing the employee’s ongoing treatment, treatment plan, and disability needs. ● Support the Employee throughout the WA process, including consideration of and recommendations for workplace accommodation. ● Document abilities and functional limitations information using the Assessment of Functional Capabilities form. ● Review, and when warranted for medical reasons, provide feedback on WA Plans. Employer / George Brown staff involved in the hiring or management of employees Hiring Committee / will: Hiring Manager ● Inform all employees and candidates of the WA policy and the procedure for obtaining accommodations. ● Ensure all employment opportunities are advertised in an accessible format and clearly indicate how a candidate can make a request for an accommodation. ● Ensure that the assessment method or tools used in the staffing process do not constitute barriers to candidates. 8 Workplace Accommodation Policy Role Responsibilities ● Acknowledge a request for accommodation within 3 business days and identify an approximate response time frame regarding next steps in the accommodation process commensurate with the complexity of the case. This may be conducted by whichever party is first notified (i.e., Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative). ● Provide reasonable accommodation solutions in as timely a manner as the complexity of the request permits. ● Ensure the accommodation includes and integrates persons into employment and activities in a manner that respects their dignity, autonomy and self-esteem. ● Ensure the individual requesting the accommodation is not in any way disadvantaged because they have sought or require a workplace accommodation. ● Respect that individual accommodation plans are developed on