expensive leased facilities and some end-of-life college-owned facilities. This acquisition was funded using a major gift made the previous year. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology The College continued to implement computer systems and networking upgrades to support the growing technology needs of students in education delivery. Two working groups, “Learning Spaces of the Future” and “Student Digital Experience”, helped lead strategy development for classroom technology, the piloting of new technology in physical learning spaces, and planning for a rationalized and user friendly digital experience. The college continued to invest in the renewal and upgrade of its in- class information technology, with $2M in such spending. Innovations included mobile computer labs, tablet usage in classrooms, and expansion of next-generation interactive classroom display technologies. The College completed its review of Learning Management System (LMS) platform and usage and developed a three-year plan (2017- 2020) for college-wide LMS capacity realization. This plan promotes the effective roll-out of Blackboard Analytics to improve evidence-based decision making in academic and service areas, builds capacity of faculty and operational units to integrate LMS usage in teaching and learning, and integrates and harmonizes the LMS with other College data management systems. The School of Computer Technology achieved Cisco Premier Academy Status, making GBC one of only nine such institutions in North America. The College continued to accelerate the pace of business process and administrative systems development. A next phase of the College’s Human Resource Management System (HRMS) was implemented, with the Cornerstone recruitment system now implemented. A number of Finance IT-enabled process improvements were implemented, including online debit processing, a better interface between the employee expense system and the general ledger, and the ability to make credit card refunds. The second phase of a new Student Aid management system was implemented, along with continued improvement in the automation of transfer credits and a number of Student Information System upgrades. Behind the scenes, the College has continued its pace of infrastructure upgrades. In 2016-17, initiatives have included upgrades to wireless networking, enterprise storage, the Active Directory system, telephony, identity management and the college website. The college launched major upgrades in its Emergency Notification System in 2016-17, implementing a public address and strobe-light alert system in the high-volume student areas, upgrades to the phone-based emergency communication system and processes, and integration of all digital signage across the college into the network. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - Build a High-Performing Organization A framework for Resource and Succession Planning was approved and piloted in the organization, with an objective to ensure the organization is well positioned to deliver on its strategy in the future. The College completed a revised Employee Engagement Survey in the fall of 2016. The results were positive and showed continued improvement in employee engagement. A new process was defined and implemented for Divisional-level action planning to respond to the survey, building on strengths and addressing areas of opportunity to improve engagement across the College. New Goal Setting frameworks and processes were launched in the College to support managers in clarifying employee accountability and