washing dishes together or playing basket- ball. “I always think about that when I’m working with clients,” she says. “I still use that every single day.” IV FUTURE IN FOCUS ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 V “D an and I share a motivation to mentor current George Brown students looking to enter the sports marketing field. We want to encourage the next generation that’s coming through.” JONATHAN CHANG Graduate 2000, Sport & Event Marketing; Director, Marketing & Events, NBA Canada Leading The future of basketball in Canada has never looked so promising, thanks in part to the leadership of two George Brown alumni. NBA Canada’s current Vice- President and Managing Director Dan MacKenzie joined the organization in 1998, shortly after graduating from the Sport & Event Marketing program. A year later, he hired an intern from the same program, Jonathan Chang, who would go on to become NBA Canada’s Director, Marketing & Events. Together, this dream team has led a marketing strategy that’s engaged record numbers of fans across the country, ushering in what many call the “golden age” of basketball in Canada. Both Dan and Jonathan credit George Brown with helping them build the skills and professional networks that allowed them to succeed in the competi- tive field of sports marketing. Now they’re passionate about supporting future gener- ations through field education and employment opportunities. As Dan points out, “This business can be tough to break into, so it’s great to be able to provide a doorway. But the benefits work both ways because recent George Brown graduates are ready to contribute.” VVII FFUUTTUURREE IINN FFOOCCUUSS “The contacts I made among my classmates really helped me develop my career. I’m happy I can give back and keep building that network.” DAN MACKENZIE Graduate 1997, Sport & Event Marketing; Vice-President and Managing Director, NBA Canada AANNNNUUAALL RREEPPOORRTT 22001144//1155 VVIIII As an international student from Korea still adjusting to life in a new country, Caroline Ahn was nervous about interviewing for a field placement at advertising agency Lowe Roche. But her George Brown instructor conducted mock interviews that helped her prepare, covering everything from handshakes to thank-you emails. Caroline got the field placement and soon discovered that the skills she’d learned in class made her a valuable asset to Lowe Roche’s creative team – she even taught one of her coworkers how to build animations in Adobe After Effects. Senior Art Director Yasmin Sahni has worked with many interns during her time in advertising, but Caroline really stood out. According to Yasmin, Caroline had the ideal combination of hard and soft skills, including a strong work ethic, excellent time management abilities and a comprehensive knowledge of design software. In fact, Yasmin credits Caroline with helping the agency win new business, thanks to animation work she contributed to a pitch. Now that Caroline’s placement and studies are complete, she’ll be putting her job interview skills to use once more, but this time with an enthusiastic reference from Yasmin. Experiencing VIII FUTURE IN FOCUS “F or career clarity, these internships are paramount. You can give a student