created work-integrated learning and networking opportunities for our students. “We see this partnership as a pipeline for talent as we expand into a full-time development team,” says Rapoport. Researcher Jack Wiebe, a Game – Programming graduate, says working on the project has given him a broad range of experience, from building 3D environments to collaborating with artists. Best of all, his portfolio now includes a professional project that incorporates mobile technology, virtual reality and the artificial intelligence of IBM’s supercomputer, Watson. “That’s going to be hugely beneficial when I’m looking for jobs,” says Wiebe. 6 7 8 9 Trudi Kydd Graduate 2018, Practical Nursing Practical Nursing graduate Trudi Kydd knows that in her profession, adaptability is key. “As a nurse, you have to Graduate 2016, give quality care regardless of your surroundings or the Pre-Health Science available resources,” she says. Fortunately, George Brown has prepared her for this. After honing her skills at our Simulation Centre, Kydd completed field placements in the rehabilitation department at Providence Healthcare and the acute care neurology department at North York General Hospital. But it was her month-long placement in Kingston, Jamaica that taught her the most about adapting to change. Applying her skills at Maxfield Park Children’s Home and Hope Temple Basic School, Kydd learned how to support children and families in a community setting without costly equipment or supplies. One day this meant recommending aloe vera to treat a child’s burns when the family couldn’t afford medicated ointment; another day it meant reassuring a lonely little girl that her eczema wasn’t contagious to others. Now back in Toronto, one of the most multicultural cities in the world, Kydd says the experience improved her cross-cultural communication skills and made her more resourceful. It also opened her eyes to the many career paths available in nursing, inspiring her new-found passion for community care. “It is incredible how a change of environment can increase your growth,” she says. 10 11 12 13 Muhammad Bassah Graduate 2018, Honours Bachelor of When Muhammad Bassah immigrated to Canada in 2005, Technology (Construction he didn’t know anyone, spoke limited English and had Management) only enough money to last a few months. Although he’d attended law school in Jordan, he wasn’t accredited to Recipient, practice in Canada, so to make ends meet he took a job as Technology Cabinet a construction labourer. Little did he know, this experience Scholarship; General would inspire a fulfilling new career path. Contractors’ Section Toronto Applied Research Scholarship; Student Bassah spent the next several years developing journeyman skills Association Construction in three trades, ultimately becoming a foreman for a drywall & Engineering Third and company. But, as he explains, “I wanted something more. I knew Fourth Year Student I had the capacity to grow into a more complex management Scholarship position.” This desire for growth led him to George Brown’s Honours Bachelor of Technology (Construction Management), a degree program that prepares graduates with the technical and managerial competencies to lead change in the industry— from incorporating sustainability practices to applying innovative technologies such as Building Information Modeling. Returning