society, especially in these economic times. pediatric rehabilitation hospital. which created a $100,000 endowment that will benefi t two students each year in perpetuity. He spoke to students “I love teaching at George Brown,” she says. “The “The College is determined to see students succeed and at the college this past year. College is absolutely vibrant and the curriculum is has a lot of support networks in place to make that happen topical and current all of the time. It’s all about helping such as peer assisted learning and language classes for “George Brown College was very good for me,” he says. people to manage their careers and be career resilient. new immigrants. It really makes a difference,” she says. “I had great instructors and mentors who really challenged That is the massive gift that our graduates offer.” me and I benefi ted from scholarships that helped me to get started. This is just one way for me to show my gratitude.” Gordon Ramsay Ben Carlson On February 9, 2009 Chef Gordon Ramsay visited THEATRE, 1993 the college’s new student-operated restaurant, The Chefs’ House, as part of a Canadian book tour. Centre Stage The international television personality and restaurateur demonstrated one of his new soup recipes for George Ben Carlson played Hamlet to rave reviews at the Brown Chef School students and staff. Stratford Shakespeare Festival in 2008. By that time, he had just completed his twelfth season with the Shaw Festival. Already a veteran actor at the age of Inspiring Students 38, Ben has performed on stages throughout North America, earning outstanding notices and critical at The Chefs’ House acclaim including a Dora Award. He credits his practical theatre training at George Brown College for providing him with a solid foundation upon which Jamie Oliver to develop his craft. “When I entered the workplace, the fundamental On November 14, 2008, Chef Jamie Oliver visited The principles of hard work, in combination with the many Chefs’ House. The famous chef and media personality different skills that I had learned and honed gave me a demonstrated one of his new garlic toast and mushroom distinct edge in getting the limited jobs on offer. It’s recipes and worked with the fortunate George Brown no exaggeration to say that my time at George Brown Chef School students who were working that day. was invaluable to me as a professional actor,” he says. Preparing a Changing Workforce The career path of the employee is changing, and in the Mature and Second Career Students coming years, employment of workers from non-traditional George Brown also caters to the unique needs of students backgrounds will be essential to our economic prosperity. seeking to make a career change mid-life and those who require Looming labour shortages in Ontario’s workforce requires an re-training. In fact our largest growing student population ever-increasing pool of skilled professionals who can adapt doesn’t come to us from High School. Since Fall 2005, we have to change and follow a path of lifelong learning in order to seen a 28 per cent increase in applicants coming