ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 12 | 13 Julia Phelan AN EMPLOYER’S PERSPECTIVE CLAIRE MALLETTE RN, PhD, Director of Nursing Education Placement & Development, University Health Network We really value George Brown students in our organization. They are very well prepared. They are ready to care for our patients, and they have that enthusiasm - that inquisitiveness to learn. We try to hire George Brown grads as they graduate, and then watch their transition into the professional socialization of nursing. Drew Ferraro Shining Metal Moments Dental Technology, 2000 Shayne Claringbold and Eric Ganton are proof that Drew was already a student in the Dental Technology it’s possible to mould and shape a mind. The two program at George Brown College when his father George Brown College students recently brought passed away unexpectedly, leaving behind a thriving home gold and silver medals respectively from the orthodontics business. He knew he wanted to salvage Skills Canada competition for their prowess in sheet the legacy his father had built over his career by metal and architectural computer-aided drafting and ensuring the practice remained viable. design. Skills Canada brings together the best and the brightest in the country to show off their skills Drew had a natural knack for creating dental and reinforce the importance of vocational training. appliances, but needed an intensive, hands-on certifi cation program that would give him the Shayne and Eric’s success is commonplace at experience and credentials he needed to pursue George Brown College, where students are his career goals. With one year of theory and two frequently recognized at national and regional years of practical laboratory experience, the program competitions for their academic, creative and prepared him for the realities of working entrepreneurial achievements. in a laboratory. Today, Drew and his brother run the Newmarket- based Ferraro Orthodontics, which employs 10 people—including other George Brown graduates —and is the leading provider of orthodontics in Ontario’s Golden Horseshoe region. A self-titled “smile-straightener”, Drew is proud of his accomplishments and feels there is no better place to go than George Brown College to learn the industry. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 14 | 15 Artist rendering provided by Stantec/KPMB Architects community champion Each of us gains from the success of another. At will accommodate 3,500 health science students George Brown College we transform communities each year. These new opportunities will help the and shape the outlook of the city. From providing province address its skills shortage in important and critical services to the neighbourhoods surrounding high-demand professions. our campuses to transforming the life of an The new waterfront campus is designed to provide individual who is the fi rst in his or her family to students with interdisciplinary education through a attend a post-secondary institution, George Brown range of innovative learning environments, including College has a pulse on Toronto. an Interprofessional Learning Clinic and a Health We provide prospective students from traditionally Promotion Hub, where students will have the marginalized communities the opportunity to access opportunity to test various means of caring for affordable education that will earn them meaningful patients and conduct applied research that