are expected in 2018-19 The College continued its ongoing focus on student retention and the development of innovative student supports and services. We advanced the integration of services, co-locating Counsellors and Accessibility Consultants within 8 additional academic areas, widening access and tailoring services. A ‘Circle of Care’ model was developed to integrate team members from across the college including Counselling, Safety and Security, Human Rights and others. The team fosters a student-sustaining approach to problem solving and facilitates problem solving skills development outside the classroom. The College continues to be a leader in both Anti-Sexual Violence and AODA through committees with membership from all College groups including students. We have built capacity in regard to Sexual Violence prevention and reporting and enhanced the staffing of the Diversity, Equity, Human Rights office to improve advising, investigating and student and employee education in regard to diversity and inclusion. The Black Student Success Network was launched college-wide with over 350 student members and has shown measurable impact on student academic success. Consistent with the College’s Strategic Mandate Agreement, a new degree and certificates in our areas of strength were developed, in 2017-18, submitted to the Ministry for approval and launched. They George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - included, 2 graduate certificates (Apparel Technical Design and Sustainable Fashion Production) and 1 Honor Degree (Bachelor of Commerce in Culinary Management). Work-integrated and experiential learning, including Field Education, is one of the imperatives in our Strategy 2020 (and reflected in our SMA), and the College continued to make strong progress. A Director of Work Integrated Learning position was created to ensure the continuation of this development. Our goal for the year was to broaden Field Education opportunities to 98% of qualifying programs (a three-point increase from the previous year’s goal), and this goal was achieved. We are on track with the Strategy 2020 objective of offering a field education component in 100% of qualifying programs. The College is well positioned for this goal and gaining momentum in part due to an 18-month $700,000 MAESD grant to complement internal strategic funding. The College continued to implement Universal Design for Learning (UDL) to address the growing diversity and complexity of student needs and to improve academic quality. A particular focus this year was services within the Library Learning Commons, such as accessible software, redesigned physical spaces, expansion of online services to promote student access and an expansion of the technology equipment loan program. The College maintained its focus on Indigenous teachings and cultural competence, including a 2.5-day retreat with more than 70 staff developing action plans to integrate increased cultural awareness into their work and lives. The College continued to promote the Teaching and Learning Exchange (TLX), expanding offerings and collaboration, and planning for delivery of more programming, increased access and a website. The George Brown College Foundation funded $1.2 million towards 963 scholarships with an average value over $1,240. Institutional Research supported Human Resources in leading the research elements of the College’s participation in the ministry mandated ‘Student Voices on Sexual Violence’ survey. They also tested a student