consistent with the SMA. Achieve divisional margin objectives in a new corridor funding model context, with the finalization of a multi-year predictive tool that ensures our commitment to the SMA is aligned to program portfolio planning. Meet or exceed the college’s budget targets, meeting all Ministry benchmarks on the Financial Health Indicators. Consistent with the budget, identify and plan for meaningful productivity and efficiency improvements across the college. Achieve our comprehensive campaign fundraising target. Building on last year’s approval of an enterprise risk management framework, we will begin implementation of an integrated risk management program, as well as completing business impact assessments for high risk areas and developing full business continuity plans. The College will place emphasis on efficiency improvements within operations in a number of areas. This will include reallocating and maximizing resources and introducing technology and innovation into services and processes. Essential for meeting our enrolment and retention goals will be the continued optimization of recruitment processes, using marketing automation tools, a new website with additional personalization functionality and a CRM (customer relationship management) to better support the student throughout the entire life cycle, all while optimizing staff resources and efforts. Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology The College is on a strategic journey to digital transformation, focusing on both the student experience and the empowerment of staff through enabling technologies and digital capabilities. Foundational technological investments in classroom technology, cloud technology and mobile will be enhanced by emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Virtual Reality and Data Analytics. Commence the two year implementation of Degree Works and CRM Advise by the Registrar’s Office to simplify the planning of a students’ journey, providing self-service for advising, degree audit and transfer articulation. Advise will initially be used by the Registrar for automated communications, eliminating substantial manual interventions, and will be expanded to effectively engage students throughout the life cycle, George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - automatically prioritizing outreach to at risk students, and allowing visibility to a student’s profile across the organization. This will greatly increase engagement, retention and student outcomes. Complete the redesign of the college website and migration to a new Content Management System to deliver: enhanced user experience, mobile compatibility and improved search capability, particularly for program options. Continue the College’s pace of facilities, and classroom technology renewal. Support the research and development of new technologies for teaching and learning, with seed funds for virtual reality, interactive online courses and simulation modules. Build a High-Performing Organization Continue to enhance our focus on employee success, which contributes to student success, through a targeted approach to teamwork, engagement, performance and development, including leveraging SMART goals and accountabilities in performance reviews for both admin and support staff. Resource and succession planning will be expanded to the Manager level. Employee development plans will be tied to resource and succession plans. Refine capabilities framework for leadership with stakeholder input. Support leaders and managers in reviewing organization structures for efficiency and effectiveness, ensuring that we have the best people, in the right roles at the right time to enable the college in delivering their goals and