a delivered on them. We worked together to create practical product, a business success story of the curriculum and develop the program. It’s the innovation and an invaluable experience for the fi rst of its kind in Canada. students involved. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 4 | 5 Doris Chen Maria Nassiokas Bachelor of Applied Business, 2007 Fashion Management, 2006 When Doris began her studies at George Brown When Maria Nassiokas began her Fashion College in the Bachelor of Applied Business Management program at George Brown College, degree program, she never imagined she would she was already equipped with a Bachelor of be already working in her fi eld of choice well Commerce degree from McMaster University. before she graduated. But that wasn’t enough to launch her career in the fashion industry. It wasn’t long after completing her Yet, in her second year at the College, Doris two-year program at George Brown College that responded to a co-op posting from Public Works Maria began to excel in her industry of choice. and Government Services Canada and soon found Learning everything from manufacturing processes herself immersed in the world of accounting for and supply chains to merchandising, marketing and what would become two consecutive summers apparel costs, Maria gained the knowledge she and a full-time job immediately after graduation. needed to hit the ground running. She coupled her Doris says her time at George Brown College was classroom education with practical learning through invaluable, allowing her to augment her confi dence the campus fashion store, which she helped to in making professional presentations and working conceptualize, develop and run. in a team environment. Meanwhile, her adoption Shortly after graduation, Maria found full-time of the brief and clear written communication at work with a fashion wholesaler with whom she her co-op placement had a positive impact on continued to maintain a strong relationship after her essay writing in school. It was a mutually opening up her own LUX Butik in her native Sarnia, benefi cial situation. Ontario. She uses her social media prowess to Doris is a fi rm believer that a college degree market her brand through e-commerce, a fashion is exactly what she needed in her pursuit of a career blog, quizzes and a personal shopping service. in accounting; a conviction she takes with her as Maria credits George Brown College with getting she works to achieve her Chartered General her where she is today because of the knowledge Accountant designation. she acquired, the connections she made and the confi dence she gained. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 6 | 7 Rahul Sam Game On Bachelor of Applied Business, In 2007, George Brown College responded to Hospitality Operations the growing demand among Toronto’s technology Management, 2008 employers for graduates with game development and visual design skills; graduates who could Rahul Sam always loved being in the kitchen. become expert developers of mobile applications Even as a teen, he would spend his time in the and graphic interfaces. kitchen, mimicking the recipes of celebrity chefs, Enhanced in 2010 with a one-year game rather than on the couch