will make an important contribution to a successful future for us all. Source: Northstar Research Partners, June 2008 Making it Happen There is a reason why 9 out of 10 George Brown College on their success through programs and services that address graduates secure employment within 6 months of graduation. everything from ESL courses to peer assisted learning and They are job ready. We help them make careers happen, academic bridging. offering programs that are highly relevant, adaptable and Paul Koshy In the coming years, greater numbers of job ready graduates responsive to industry changes. We develop entire programs in will be critical to our socioeconomic well being, as a shortage HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT, 2007 cooperation with employers in order to address sector needs. of 364,000 skilled workers is expected by the year 20251. We work together with our partners in industry and the George Brown College is creating a skilled GTA workforce, one community to give students real world, applied learning People Person that is fl exible and adaptable, through 158 programs in such experiences provided by faculty dedicated to excellence in diverse areas as Business, Construction and Health Sciences. Growing up in a family of scientists, it was always teaching. Our students learn in an environment that is focused expected that Paul Koshy would follow suit. But during the third year of an undergraduate degree in Health Sciences he realized medical school was not the best match for his ambitions. Paul wanted to do something more aligned with his interests in business and in “My college work placement term was one of working with people. Then he discovered George Brown College’s Human Resources Management program. It was the solid foundation he needed to the most eye opening experiences because kick-start his career, leading him to a yearlong work term in Ireland as a training consultant for a bank I was able to apply what we learned in prior to joining Indigo Books & Music as Coordinator of Organizational Development. the classroom right away. I gained a lot of And what does the family think? “Sometimes they might have diffi culty understanding experience by the end of it.” – Paul Koshy what I do day to day, but in the end they’re just happy if I’m happy,” he says. 1 Source: Conference Board of Canada, 2007 Rachel Thombs Minaz Abji Gillian Johnston PRACTICAL NURSING, 2009 HOTEL MANAGEMENT, 1975 PROFESSOR AND CO-ORDINATOR, CAREER AND WORK COUNSELLOR PROGRAM Taking Care Lucrative Landing Career Connector When Rachel Thombs started her job with Bridgepoint Minaz Abji was forced to fl ee his homeland of Uganda in Health as a Registered Practical Nurse (RPN) last April, she 1972 when Dictator Idi Amin exiled citizens of Indian and Gillian Johnston practically wrote the book on career was one of 13 George Brown College graduates out of 23 Asian descent, seizing their property and fi nances. Arriving counseling in Canada. In the 1980s she was part of a new hires in the room. She wasn’t surprised by the ratio. in Canada with virtually nothing, Minaz made a decision