in the Centre for Health Sciences & Community Services and the Augmented Education programs in the Centre for Preparatory & Liberal Studies. As a former teacher, Vince knows first-hand that education has the power to change lives, and his commitment to George Brown enables him to continue building his legacy of supporting students. Empowering XII FUTURE IN FOCUS “S upporting George Brown has been very fulfilling for me. These students are compassionate and want to make the world a better place.” VINCE THOMSON Donor “ T his bursary is going to help me with the cost of tuition, textbooks and transportation. It will take the stress off me and Empowering my family.” SINA TOKHY Student, Bachelor of Science in Nursing; Recipient, De La Salle Bursary ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 XIII “This experience has not only helped me gain new skills and prepared me for my future life, it has also enabled me to be part of creative, innovative and multifaceted projects that I’m proud of.” MICHAEL ESTERAS Graduate 2015, Interdisciplinary Design Strategy at the Innovating Institute without Boundaries XIV FUTURE IN FOCUS Innovating How can design innovation help a city overcome its social, economic, environmental and cultural divisions? This question is at the heart of Connecting Divided Places, the project Michael Esteras and his Interdisciplinary Design Strategy classmates have been working on at George Brown’s Institute without Boundaries. This unique postgraduate program brings together students from across the academic spectrum – and, in many cases, around the world – to collabo- ratively design and realize a large-scale research project. This year’s class explored the causes and effects of divisions felt in Chicago, Detroit and Toronto, and identi- fied ways to stimulate new relationships, economies and knowledge networks. Their proposed solutions varied from creating street-level access to Toronto’s ravines to hosting farmers’ markets on the median green spaces between Detroit’s roads. For Michael, this program was a way to supplement the theoretical knowledge from his political science degree with real-world experience in a multidisciplinary studio. In just nine months, he’s filled roles ranging from creative director to project manager, designed public exhibits and worked with community partners in all three cities. He’s seen how design can be used to improve our cities and our lives, and can’t wait to bring this new clarity to a career in the not-for-profit or international development sector. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 XV “G raduating from George Brown, I feel more prepared than I did when I finished a previous post-secondary program, and I have a better understanding of the industry I’m getting into. I’m eager to start my career, so I can show what I’ve learned.” NICK EDWARDS Graduate 2015, Food and Beverage Management Embarking XVI FUTURE IN FOCUS “G eorge Brown’s convocation Six years ago, Nick Edwards had earned a post-secondary credential, but despite this ceremonies are a highlight achievement, he felt lost. Not only was he of my role as Chancellor. unsure about what to do next, he wasn’t As our graduates look to certain he had chosen the right field to begin with. After taking some