USA. Continue to develop university partnerships and articulations, consistent with ONCAT objectives and our own program-specific student pathways priorities. Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy Open the final phase of the new Food and Beverage Labs facility for industry research and commercialization at 300 Adelaide St East. Expand our Fashion Exchange activities, with continued bridge-to- employment programming supporting Regent Park and the Toronto fashion industry, the growth of postgraduate programming to support George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - industry demand, and the expansion of production supports for fashion start-ups. Continue to expand applied research activity and opportunities for students, faculty and industry. Enhance and improve the overall student applied research experience, and the ability of students to transfer the skills learned to their job search and employment. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Meet enrolment targets, consistent with the SMA. Meet or exceed the college’s budget targets, meeting all Ministry benchmarks on the Financial Health Indicators and maintaining top- quartile performance. Consistent with the budget, identify and plan for meaningful efficiency improvements across the college. Achieve our comprehensive campaign fundraising target – reach 70% of our $60M campaign goal. Manage the student residence consistent with its financial plan, so as to fully recover operating costs and depreciation. Expand the college’s process improvement (lean methodology) capacity and pace. Continue to grow the College’s Facility Planning capability and practices, implementing improved policies and processes for the planning and governance of facilities development. Acquire the base building for the new School of Design, and prepare for the required buildout (detailed design, construction and fit-out tendering completed). Build the design team for the new Waterfront building, and complete the conceptual design work required. Seek Federal and Provincial funding support for the design and development of a potential Tall Wood, Net- Positive showcase building. Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology Update the College’s Enterprise Resource Planning system (Banner) to v9, preparatory to the major migration to Banner XE in the following year. Upgrade St James campus networks (cabling, structure and wireless). Continue the College’s pace of classroom technology renewal and upgrade. Deploy Windows 10 across the College. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - Implement the year-two plan for Emergency Notification System upgrades, as steered by the cross-functional working group. Implement a wide range of upgraded systems and services, supporting net tuition billing, implementation of new room-scheduling software, continued upgrades to transfer credit automation, the completion of COMMS implementation integrated with the LMS, implementing the next phase of the College’s multi-year HRMS initiative (implementing web time-reporting entry and completing the integration of the Cornerstone modules), satisfying evolving Ministry requirements, implementing additional Finance efficiency/control improvements, and others. Build a High-Performing Organization Advance resource planning and succession management. Build supporting tools and complete a first full cycle of the program in the balance of calendar 2017, including analysis and creation of talent plans. Initiate the automation of the program within the HRMS, for completion during 2018. Manage employee-engagement improvement plans. Engage all operating units in reviewing the results of the employee engagement survey, and developing Divisional action plans in