Crane Brown to Green Career and Work Counsellor Program Being a committed community partner means Deborah Crane wanted to make some changes in not just doing what’s best for yourself, but for her life. After years of working in the renovation the greater community. That’s why George Brown industry, she was laid off. The single unemployed College takes great strides to reduce its impact on mom found herself living in a disadvantaged the environment and make the future cleaner and community in downtown Toronto with a teenage healthier for everyone. son she wanted to keep on the right path. As a signatory to the Association of Canadian Deborah knew she needed to change her own life Community College’s Sustainability Protocol; a in order to prevent her son from potentially going member of the Green Greater Toronto Alliance and down the wrong path in life. She realized that in the Association for the Advancement of order to better the situation for her family, she Sustainability in Higher Education, we have needed to make some changes, starting with committed ourselves to a 15 per cent reduction in upgrading her skills and education. She often energy consumption over the next three years and thought of going back to school, but didn’t have a fi ve per cent increase in waste diversion each year the means to do so. After learning about the for the next three years. Second Career program, she realized she was Whether we’re using exclusively green power at eligible to apply for provincial retraining funding. The Chefs’ House restaurant, installing recycling With assistance from the Second Career staff at containers throughout our campuses or investing in George Brown College, she was able to secure the energy effi cient heating or cooling equipment, we funding she needed to return to school. are always looking for ways to reduce our impact Now enrolled in the Career and Work Counsellor on the environment and instill a sense of social program, Deborah has a new lease on life and responsibility within our students. In addition, we intends to use her new training to work with youths incorporate sustainable practices as often as possible in her community and help them fi nd jobs or secure into our curriculum, so students can learn new post-secondary education. Her determination also sustainability techniques that they will carry with inspired her son to follow suit; he is now enrolled them into their respective industries of choice. in a college program and regularly volunteers in the community. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 20 | 21 Elaine Lazzarato A Sustainable Future, Brick by Brick Food and Nutrition Management, 2003 George Brown College allows students to experience It’s never easy to make puréed pork chops look fi rst-hand what it means to build healthy communities. appetizing to an elderly person on a textured diet, This year, students in the Building and Renovation but after 22 years as a top food and beverage program have joined Evergreen—a not-for-profi t administrator and chef manager, Elaine Lazzarato organization focused on making urban communities had a knack for presentation. That