across the province and around the world. Priority Areas Provide trends and key outcomes for the 2017-18 Strategic Mandate Agreement metrics included within each of the five priority areas. (max. 200 words per priority area). 1. Student Experience This priority area captures institutional strengths in improving student experience, outcomes and success, and recognizes institutions for measuring the broader learning environment, such as continuity of learning pathways, retention, student satisfaction, co-curricular activities and records, career preparedness and student services and supports. 2 GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview With a sharpened focus on student experience, GBC aligned departments and programs that support student learning and development into the new Division of Student Success. Led by a new Vice-President, interdisciplinary teams across the division work collaboratively with academic centres and faculty to enhance student persistence and develop human skills through co-curricular activities and engagement. The college continues to increase its efforts to provide work integrated learning opportunities for students. The new Director of Work Integrated Learning is developing a collaborative community of practice and provides strategic leadership in the areas of field education, capacity building, alignment with internationalization strategy, and improvement of student access to impactful field learning experiences. The new director is helping to move the college closer to its objective of offering a field education component in 100% of qualifying programs by 2020, and ultimately, developing supports for workplace-ready graduates. 2. Innovation in Teaching and Learning Excellence This priority area focuses on innovative efforts including pedagogical approaches, program delivery and student services that contribute to a highly skilled workforce and ensure positive student outcomes. It captures institutional strengths in delivering high-quality learning experiences such as experiential, entrepreneurial, personalized and digital learning, and student competencies that improve employability. In 2017/18, more than 1200 faculty members took advantage of professional development and training opportunities, helping the college continue to innovate in teaching and learning. StartGBC, the college’s student entrepreneur development department, saw a record number of classroom engagements to promote entrepreneurship as a career path, with 1,681 students attending 39 entrepreneurship events and 387 mentor hours clocked to support 68 start-ups. We’re also pleased to see 1,490 students participating in entrepreneurial academic programs during our fall and winter semesters. George Brown offers ‘microcredentials’ in the form of digital badges to students. This began in 2014 as a way to recognize excellence in research and innovation, and as a method to encourage student researcher achievement. Since that time, the badge system has continued to grow every year and now awards students for entrepreneurial activities as well. In 2017, we extended this to include a set of 12 badges awarded for completion of online learning modules in research activities. The modules employ a variety of digital learning content, appealing to a variety of learning styles. 3. Access and Equity This priority area recognizes institutions for their efforts in improving postsecondary education equity and access, and for creating opportunities that can include multiple entrance pathways and flexible policies and programming, with the focus on students who, without interventions and support, might