the College, as we remained focused on continuing President to improve upon our excellence in teaching and applied learning, including the opening of newly renovated facilities at both our Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts and our School of Design. “Employers identify George Brown College as These new buildings will allow our students to continue to learn in ‘state-of-the-workplace’ environments that give them one foot to their future careers – even before they graduate. As leading all GTA colleges in producing graduates will our new Waterfront Campus, for which we break ground in Fall 2009. This progressive with the key skills and abilities they seek.” learning environment will help transform the city’s East Bayfront and allow us to increase our capacity by as much as 4,000 students per year—the single greatest expansion of both our student body and our physical footprint in the College’s history. But most importantly it will help us meet the province’s vital need for more health-care professionals to serve our aging population. As we continue to follow our Path to Leadership and seek to develop workplace-ready graduates who are employers’ candidates of choice, we continue our focus on student success. This year some of the key milestones were met, including the implementation of a student success program in all divisions and the College-wide rollout of an online course outline tool. As the needs of our students evolve along with the demands of employers, George Brown College is well poised to support and serve them through our adaptability in programming, expertise as Chris Boyle, educators and our commitment to putting students fi rst. Chair, Board of Governors, 2007-2009 We wish to thank all of the people who contribute to giving our students the tools and training they need to be successful beyond their time at George Brown College. Our donors, our partners, our educators and our staff, each of whose dedication and drive are at the heart of what makes the George Brown community truly special. Your hard work and enthusiasm for what we do and for those we serve have been – and will continue to be – crucial to George Brown College’s success. It is so satisfying to work along side such an inspired group of people, all of us sharing a common goal of helping develop citizens who will make an important contribution to a successful future for us all. Source: Northstar Research Partners, June 2008 Making it Happen There is a reason why 9 out of 10 George Brown College on their success through programs and services that address graduates secure employment within 6 months of graduation. everything from ESL courses to peer assisted learning and They are job ready. We help them make careers happen, academic bridging. offering programs that are highly relevant, adaptable and Paul Koshy In the coming years, greater numbers of job ready graduates responsive to industry changes. We develop entire programs in will be critical to our socioeconomic well being, as a shortage HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT, 2007 cooperation with employers in order to address sector needs. of 364,000 skilled workers