required to accommodate an employee’s particular needs, as the action would impose significant strain or risk to the operation of the business. The Ontario Human Rights Commission prescribes three considerations in assessing whether an accommodation could cause undue hardship: cost, outside source of funding, and health and safety considerations. Budgetary restrictions cannot be assumed to be a barrier to accommodation, and therefore cannot be presumed to be the point of undue hardship. 4.0 POLICY 4.1 General George Brown College is committed to meeting the obligations of the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) with respect to appropriate accommodation for persons with disabilities. As such, the College will maintain an inclusive, barrier free environment that ensures the full participation of all persons with disabilities. 4 Workplace Accommodation Policy This policy applies at any phase of the employment cycle which includes but is not limited to; recruitment and selection, orientation, working conditions, promotion, training, performance management, career development and workforce transition. This policy helps identify and remove barriers that impede a person’s ability to meet the requirements of any phase of the employment cycle through the: ● Identification and removal of barriers to employment, unless doing so would result in undue hardship. ● Accessible design of all workplace standards, employment systems, processes and facilities. ● Commitment that individuals are accommodated when barriers cannot be removed. Such accommodations must be made to the point of undue hardship taking into consideration issues of health, safety and cost. 4.2 Fundamental Principles & Requirements Fundamental principles underlying and requirements within the workplace accommodation policy include: Partnerships: ● Workplace accommodation is a shared responsibility and accountability, including a partnership between the Individual Employee, the Employer, Human Resources, and as needed, the Union and other relevant parties (including Health Care Professionals, or other third party experts). Individualization: ● The accommodation process, while consistently applied, is most successful when its solutions are individually tailored to each unique situation and to each employee they function to assist. ● Ensuring the person with a disability who is requesting an accommodation is involved in the full process and planning of the accommodation provisions. ● Respect for the dignity of the individual, ensuring that the accommodation provided meets the specific requirements of the person with the disability requesting the accommodation. Confidentiality: ● Respect for confidentiality, including during the process of consultation such that only relevant stakeholders are involved in the development of the accommodation plan. 5.0 WORKPLACE ACCOMMODATION PROCESS The workplace accommodation process includes the following four phases, with a fifth phase if there is an issue with the accommodation request. 5.1 Recognize the Need for Accommodation The need for accommodation can be: ● Requested by the employee in writing to one of the following parties at the employee’s discretion: their Supervisor / Manager, their Human Resource Consultant, or their Union representative; or 5 Workplace Accommodation Policy ● Identified by the Employee’s Manager or the Hiring Manager; or ● Requested by a prospective Employee to the George Brown College Employee coordinating the recruitment process. Employees or prospective employees