Elvio, Angelo and Leo Del Zotto and Harvey Fruitman the way with a transformational $3 million pledge – the largest corporate donation in our history. ANGELO DEL ZOTTO Our donors are essential. They understand that SCHOOL OF CONSTRUCTION supporting a George Brown student creates a ripple effect in our society. A student becomes a workplace- MANAGEMENT ready graduate. An employer fills a critical need. A family moves up the socio-economic ladder. An individual develops both job skills and soft skills that last a lifetime. “ For my name to be associated with the Construction That’s what our donors support each and every day. Management program is an incredible honour. It is That’s Success at Work. important for business leaders to support the next generation of their industry, and I am privileged to be able to do so through George Brown.” angelo del zotto This year, Elvio Del Zotto, Angelo Del Zotto, Leo Del Zotto, Harvey Fruitman and the rest of Tridel Corporation pledged $3 million to the Success at Work campaign. In recognition of this extraordinary generosity, the college’s construction management school was named the Angelo Del Zotto School of Construction Management for Tridel’s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. The college is proud to bestow this honour on a leader who embodies the values George Brown tries to instill in its students: honour, integrity and honesty. Tridel is a long-standing partner of George Brown College, and has To find out more, visit georgebrown.ca/successatwork demonstrated its support in areas such as graduate recruitment, research and raising funds for scholarships. 30 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 31 ENGAGE EMPOWER CHILD & YOUTH WORKER DIFFERENCE MAKER Tanitia Munroe GRADUATE 2014 CHILD AND YOUTH WORKER ADVANCED DIPLOMA NEW WAYS TO SUPPORT Tanitia Munroe is a go-getter. A “ My scholarship proud mother of two and recent GEORGE BROWN graduate of our Child and Youth has given me Worker program, she plans to the freedom open a youth shelter one day and YOUNG LEADERS COUNCIL CHANCELLOR’S CIRCLE to pursue my start a program she is designing George Brown College Foundation has launched An exclusive annual membership program the Young Leaders Council, a group of volunteers is offering donors a new way to support the called The Ubunto Project, goals.” who build awareness, cultivate donors and George Brown College Foundation. Stewarded by based on the philosophy that raise funds for George Brown’s Success at Work Chancellor Sally Horsfall Eaton, the Chancellor’s tanitia munroe campaign. Led by chair James Ricci, General Circle provides members with special benefits and “ what affects you affects me.” Manager of Roy Foss Thornhill, the diverse group recognition in appreciation of their $1,000 annual is composed of business and community leaders donation, which can be designated to the area Tanitia’s classes focused on the skills she needs to in fields such as finance, marketing, fundraising, of their choice. make a difference in the lives of youth, while financial hospitality and entertainment. To find out more about the Chancellor’s Circle, support from the scholarships she received allowed her To learn more