prepare students with the necessary skills for a Level 1 Carpentry apprenticeship. 4. Applied Research Excellence and Impact This priority area captures institutional strengths in producing high-quality applied research on the continuum of fundamental and applied research through activity that further raises Ontario's profile as a globally recognized research and innovation hub. For the second time in three years, George Brown College was named #1 research college in Canada by Research Infosource for 2017, raising the profile of Ontario’s reputation in innovation and R&D. Since 2007, its work in Applied Research has made George Brown a meaningful enabler of Canada’s innovation economy, directly impacting its ability to train highly qualified and skilled personnel while helping local industry innovate, create new jobs and compete internationally. We promote Canadian innovation through industry-driven applied research projects, supported by facilities able to develop and test new products or services in real-world conditions and tapping into faculty and student expertise. Companies of all sizes need a way to de-risk the innovation lifecycle and to navigate the growing complexity of commercializing new products or services in an ever-changing market. George Brown offers this access by way of its skilled and knowledgeable research teams and state of the art research infrastructure. 4 GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview Over the 2017/18 year, the college’s Research and Innovation team bolstered financial sustainability with more than $7M in funding; strengthened engagement with students and faculty participation through research opportunities; built capacity with expanded labs, research infrastructure and employee development; and enabled innovation through partnerships, projects, products and services in established and emerging areas. 5. Innovation, Economic Development and Community Engagement This priority area recognizes the unique role institutions play in contributing to their communities and to economic development, as well as to building dynamic partnerships with business, industry, community members and other colleges and universities. It focuses on regional clusters, customized training, entrepreneurial activities, jobs, community revitalization efforts, international collaborations, students, partnerships with Indigenous Institutes and a program mix that meets needs locally, regionally and beyond. George Brown is an innovator across our academic programs with unique initiatives that improve the learning experience and contribute to the city of Toronto. We work with industry partners across our programs in the form of Program Advisory Councils, or PACs. This helps us maintain a steady stream of more than 9,000 work-ready graduates per year and high employer satisfaction rates that keep Ontario’s economic engine running. Exceptional learning opportunities abound, from our Food Innovation Research Studio (FIRSt) to our Fashion Exchange. We also continue to form unique international partnerships with leading educational institutions. The prospect of studying fashion in Italy, baking in France or design in Ireland is exciting and provides great competitive advantage to our students as they enter the workforce. Our next development project, The Arbour (slated to begin construction in 2021) will be Ontario’s first institutional tall wood building. It will serve as a living lab and will be home to the Mass Timber Institute, so we can share our research and learnings from sustainable