an accessible format upon request, and will do so in a way that takes into account the accessibility needs of an individual’s disability. This obligation includes educational or training resources or materials produced by the College and the provision of student records and information on program requirements, availability and description in an accessible format to persons with disabilities upon request. In accordance with these regulations, the college is required to adhere to accessibility standards and principles when designing, adopting and procuring educational materials and resources for the delivery of course curricula. This includes but is not limited to: e-books, course packs, e-learning platforms, online networking / conferencing platforms, interactive and instructive online management systems, audio-visual and multimedia. The college meets this obligation through the procurement process or through obtaining by other means an accessible or conversion ready electronic format of the educational or training resources or materials where available. In the case that the materials cannot be procured or obtained by other means or converted into an accessible format, the college is committed to ensuring that it makes the necessary arrangements for the provision of a comparable resource. 2.5.1 CAPTIONED MEDIA In 2006 George Brown College implemented a college-wide Captioned Media and e-Text Policy to ensure that all media resources purchased and used throughout the college (in classrooms, meetings, at events, online) are captioned or captionable. • George Brown College’s Library Learning Commons supports this policy by ensuring that all media acquired by the library is either captioned or permission to caption has been obtained.  For any other media used, divisions are responsible for allocating a budget for making resources accessible. In order to assist faculty and divisional representatives with ensuring accessibility please contact the college’s Accessible Media Coordinator for support.  The Captioned Media and e-Text policy is available on the college website. 2.5.2 E-TEXT The College’s Captioned Media and e-Text Policy stipulates that all materials produced or purchased for instructional purposes must be accessible and that the Bookstore will only acquire textbooks and course packs that are available in an e-text format. With regards to textbooks and other print materials, as well as any online resources or associated platforms, divisions must allocate a budget for making resources accessible, and are also responsible for:  Determining what media or e-text alternatives are suitable for student and classroom use.  Communicating with the publisher/distributor of the material to determine the availability of the material in an e-text/media format and provide detailed ordering information to the bookstore, e.g. ISBN, Title, Author, etc. in the same manner that a textbook is requested.  Confirming with the provider that the e-text/media is compliant with copyright regulations.  Seeking, in regard to manuals and course-packs, approval from the copyright clearance vendor at least four months in advance in order to get permission to convert text to media.  Ensuring that textbooks ordered by faculty are available in electronic format whenever that option is available and that textbook lists are sent to both the textbook buying staff at the bookstore and the Accessibility Consultant two to