of Canada, 2007 Rachel Thombs Minaz Abji Gillian Johnston PRACTICAL NURSING, 2009 HOTEL MANAGEMENT, 1975 PROFESSOR AND CO-ORDINATOR, CAREER AND WORK COUNSELLOR PROGRAM Taking Care Lucrative Landing Career Connector When Rachel Thombs started her job with Bridgepoint Minaz Abji was forced to fl ee his homeland of Uganda in Health as a Registered Practical Nurse (RPN) last April, she 1972 when Dictator Idi Amin exiled citizens of Indian and Gillian Johnston practically wrote the book on career was one of 13 George Brown College graduates out of 23 Asian descent, seizing their property and fi nances. Arriving counseling in Canada. In the 1980s she was part of a new hires in the room. She wasn’t surprised by the ratio. in Canada with virtually nothing, Minaz made a decision to pioneering group of practitioners who set out to “George Brown graduates are over-represented in the enroll in a hotel management program at George Brown professionalize the fi eld by standardizing service workplace because they truly are job ready,” she says. College. It was a choice that would ultimately propel him delivery and setting the bar for qualifi cations for to the upper echelon of the international hotel industry. One of the ways Rachel was prepared was through training counsellors. For the past 17 years, she has taught in the Today, Minaz manages more than $10 billion in worldwide in state of the art facilities such as the Simulated Practice Career and Work Counsellor Program at George Brown assets as Executive Vice President Asset Management for Centre, a simulated hospital ward at the College complete College and this year was awarded an Excellence in Host Hotels and Resorts, operator of many of the world’s with programmable mannequins as patients. Teaching Award based on many glowing comments premium hotel brands, including Marriott, Ritz-Carlton, from her students. This is her third award for teaching She also got a taste of what it takes to work in a real Westin, Sheraton, Hyatt, Fairmont, Four Seasons and excellence at George Brown. She sees her work as a hospital setting through two invaluable work place- Hilton. Recognizing his alma mater, Minaz established a teacher and the contributions of her graduates as vital ments—one in a veterans residence and the other in a scholarship in 2007, matched by the Ontario government, to society, especially in these economic times. pediatric rehabilitation hospital. which created a $100,000 endowment that will benefi t two students each year in perpetuity. He spoke to students “I love teaching at George Brown,” she says. “The “The College is determined to see students succeed and at the college this past year. College is absolutely vibrant and the curriculum is has a lot of support networks in place to make that happen topical and current all of the time. It’s all about helping such as peer assisted learning and language classes for “George Brown College was very good for me,” he says. people to manage their careers and be career resilient. new immigrants. It really makes a difference,” she says. “I had great instructors and mentors who really