– and the search begins for additional space. networks, jewellery-making and dance. A celebratory open house college designated to serve Toronto be named after Father of design is selected to remain Toronto’s official flag. features program demonstrations and a short movie titled The Confederation George Brown, noting: “the city to which George City is Our Campus. Brown added such lustre as a reformer, journalist, and statesman should honour him in this way.” George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is legally founded through an amalgamation of the Provincial Institute of Trades and the Provincial Institute of Trades and Occupations. Graham Bezant/Toronto Star/Getty Images 1983 1984 1976 Hosting a Prime Minister George Brown College hosts Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau A solid foundation for student success A new downtown home at its campus in Kensington Market. The Prime Minister greets staff and students and tours a sewing lab with much media fanfare. The George Brown College Foundation, a separately incorporated St. James Campus is established at 200 King St. E., the former home of the Christie, Just over three decades later, his son would follow in his footsteps, registered charity guided by a volunteer Board of Directors, is Brown and Company Biscuit Factory and later a Hallmark Cards factory. As seen on visiting our Casa Loma Campus in his role as Canada’s 23rd Prime established by noted restaurateur John Arena, former George Hunter & Co./Library and Archives Canada/C-009558 the cover, the college completes a full renovation of the building, while maintaining Minister in 2017. Brown President Doug Light and first Foundation President Marvin its historic façade. After years of temporary locations sprinkled across the downtown Gerstein. George Brown becomes one of the first colleges in core, George Brown has finally found a permanent location in the city centre. Ontario to put a fundraising vehicle of this type into place. 4 5 IN THE Visit our 50th Anniversary webpage » 1986 1992 Supporting Toronto families 1991 Respecting Indigenous roots George Brown opens a child care centre at Waterpark Place, where Early Childhood Education students gain hands-on George Brown forms the Sahkitcheway Aboriginal Education Council to guide all experience working with children. It’s one of the first on-site A lesson from the queen of cuisine aspects of Indigenous education at the college. The council’s guidance continues child care centres in a Toronto office building. Toronto Mayor Art to this day, as we work to respond to the Truth and Reconciliation calls to action. Julia Child spends a day in Toronto signing cookbooks, tasting local Eggleton presides over a celebratory balloon release at the office Our Indigenous Services and Education team also supports students through foods and performing a cooking demonstration for our culinary building at Bay Street and Queen’s Quay. cultural workshops; personal, academic and traditional counselling; and events like students, allegedly “hampered by glitches with some blunt knives.” our annual Pow Wow. Despite that minor hiccup, 78-year-old Child is as sharp as ever. Future visiting chefs would include Jamie Oliver, Gordon Ramsay, Paul Bocuse, Alain Ducasse and Massimo Bottura. 2007 2012 2013 Applying