consistent with the SMA. Achieve divisional margin objectives in a new corridor funding model context, with the development of a multi-year predictive tool that ensures our commitment to the SMA is aligned to program portfolio planning. Meet or exceed the college’s budget targets, meeting all Ministry benchmarks on the Financial Health Indicators. Consistent with the budget, identify and plan for meaningful productivity and efficiency improvements across the college. Achieve our comprehensive campaign fundraising target – reach 70% of our $60M campaign goal. Complete and receive Board approval of an Enterprise Integrated Risk Management Framework, ensuring that all decisions are reflective of risk factors. Business Continuity plans will be fully integrated with the Risk framework as both advance. Develop a five-year College and Facility Plan and Capital plan supporting the launch of 2-3 new buildings. . Complete the fit-out and relocate the School of Design, now to be housed at the Waterfront within the Daniels City of the Arts, a new mixed-use community building. Submit site approval plans for the new tall wood building at the Waterfront, the Arbour, incorporating advanced building and teaching technologies. Seek Federal, Provincial and private funding support for this net-neutral showcase building. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology Expansion of alternate delivery methods, particularly for General Education and Liberal Arts, using fully online, blended and flipped classroom modes. Acquire a new Enterprise classroom and space scheduling system that will provide enhanced flexibility for students and staff, while optimizing classroom use. Enhance the College to digitally Attract applicants with tools including continuous rollout of a CRM system, and enhancement of the college website. Complete the upgrade of the College’s Student Information System (Banner). Deploy and new system to automate and track International travel expenses. Continue the College’s pace of facilities, and classroom technology renewal, as funded through government programs. Complete the rollout of the Emergency Notification System, with installation of a public address system at the Waterfront and full implementation of the system at the new School of Design. Support the research and development of new technologies for teaching and learning, with seed funds for virtual reality, interactive online courses and simulation modules. Build a High-Performing Organization Enhance our culture of employee success in contributing to student success through a targeted focus on teamwork, engagement, performance and development, including the implementation of SMART goal and accountabilities in performance reviews for both admin and support staff. Increase focus and commitment to annual employee development plans and discussions. Define capabilities framework for leadership with stakeholder input. Complete the first cycle of resource planning and succession management at the Director and above level, and broaden roll out of succession planning to Manager level. Share findings and organizational view, looking for key talent, roles and gaps. Complete implementation of employee engagement action plans developed in response to 2016 survey. Implement 2018 survey with expansion to all employees, including part-time. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan -