resources, collective experiences and events and individual mentoring and capacity-building for students, alumni and members of the community. It works through the Office of Research and Innovation to promote innovation literacy, equipping graduates with the ability to recognize opportunities and take effective action as entrepreneurs or intrapreneurs. Nearly 100 entrepreneurs have registered with startGBC, and thousands have attended startGBC events and programs. StartGBC collaborates with organizations across the GTA on initiatives to advance social and economic prosperity. Through Digital Main Street, in collaboration with the City of Toronto, George Brown students act as a Digital Service Squad to increase the digital capacity of small businesses in neighbourhoods across the city. DementiaHack works with Facebook and several industry and community partners on projects to improve the lives of dementia patients, caregivers and researchers. Social Innovation Challenge, in collaboration with Social Innovator and a range of community partners and sponsors, is a competition to showcase and encourage social entrepreneurs. Social Innovation Hub Launched as a pilot project in 2014, the Social Innovation Hub has quickly grown into an alternative placement for students in the School of Community Services and an early-stage incubator and connector for innovative ideas, projects, and social enterprises. The mandate of the Social Innovation Hub is to facilitate the development of the skills, attitudes, competencies, aptitudes and confidence students need to succeed as social entrepreneurs and social innovators. Students can access resources and support to develop entrepreneurial habits of mind while pursuing their innovative ideas and enterprises related to social justice. Community Partnerships Office Linked with partners from every sector — corporate, service, civil society, education, labour and government — the Community Partnerships Office has served over 13,000 non-traditional students since 2005, helping them to achieve educational success and delivering over 120 programs that lead to improved community health and  24 sustainable employment. By securing partners, projects and funding, the Community Partnerships Office helps build stronger partnerships for George Brown and pioneers experiential learning and innovation in delivery. Fashion Exchange The Fashion Exchange functions as a unique collaborative space in Regent Park where educators, the community and industry work together to build links between community and employment opportunities. The Fashion Exchange shows how innovative partnerships, collaborative approaches and customized training programs can improve access to postsecondary education for non-traditional students and build a knowledgeable, skilled workforce. Provided by George Brown’s School of Fashion Studies, the two Fashion Exchange training programs are Apparel Fit Technician and Industrial Power Sewing. The purpose is to develop young talent, create job opportunities in the Regent Park neighbourhood and help to address fashion-industry skills shortages. Dual Credit and School Within A College In partnership with the Toronto District School Board, the Toronto District Catholic School Board, the Peel District School Board, the Dufferin Peel Catholic District School Board and the Ernest C. Drury School for the Deaf, George Brown College helps at-risk high school students reconnect with their education by creating innovative transitions from secondary to postsecondary institutions. Dual Credit Program The Dual Credit program is intended to help secondary school students complete their Ontario