support students and employees across the College. Applied Research continued to be a major College-wide focus. GBC was recognized as the top-ranked college in Canada, measured by the number of paid students in applied research, and the second-ranked college in terms of both the number of faculty involved in applied research and the number of completed projects. (source – Research Infosource) All of these metrics relate to the linkage GBC has established between applied research and student success. The College continues implementation of its Internationalization Strategy, built on multiple pillars including the globalization of course content, student and faculty international placements, and the integration of international students in our programs. In recognition of our internationalization efforts, George Brown College was selected as the Gold Recipient of the CiCan Internationalization Excellence Award for 2016-17. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - GBC continued the implementation and development of its Healthy Campus initiative to improve mental health and wellbeing across the College, and competed a comprehensive evaluation of the initiative. Our internal network was expanded to over 90 Healthy Campus Champions through a Foundations for Flourishing capacity-building investment. The 2016 staff development retreat was focused on Healthy Campus, and our annual Mental Health conference focused on “Resilience”, with 167 employees participating. The College implemented a comprehensive redesign of its accommodation policies and procedures to better support students with mental health disabilities, in alignment with the March 2016 Ontario Human Rights Commission (OHRC) directives. This included changes to policy, web supports, and related processes. Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships The College continued its focus on developing and expanding its strategic industry, community, academic and within-sector partnerships. New or expanded industry partnerships were developed with a wide variety of organisations. In partnership with YouTube and Google Canada, a YouTube Space incubator studio was launched at the college, the first in Canada and just the ninth in the world. The School of Design partnered with the Triennale of Milano and hosted the Future Ways of Living 2 summer school and exhibition. In the year, the College worked with 190 industry partners on applied research projects, and was recognised (Research Infosource) as the Canadian college with the third-highest number of applied research partners. The College’s continued focus on building community partnerships resulted in new agreements with Toronto Children’s Services, Toronto Public Health, the City of Toronto Solid Waste Division and others. Our community-focused efforts were supported with new agreements with the Information & Communications Technology Council, and Elrington Castle Asset Management, among others. As noted earlier, the College places sustained effort into academic partnerships and articulation agreements with Toronto high schools, Ontario universities, and a wide range of international institutions. Examples of partnership within the college sector last year included collaboration with three institutions on eCampus proposals and partnering with three institutions in the expansion of IELTS testing. GBC continued to be a driver of collaboration in a variety of sector bodies such as the Ontario Education Collaborative Marketplace and the Ontario College Library System. George Brown College 2017-18 Business