and Universities Please complete the following table, using the most recent available year-to-date information from your institution’s 2008-09 OSAP student access guarantee report screen (This screen can be accessed by your Financial Aid Office). 2008-09 TUITION / BOOK SHORTFALL AID: TOTAL $ # ACCOUNTS Expenditures for Tuition / Book SAG Amount 923,908 495 Other SAG Expenditure to Supplement OSAP 1,518,143 1,603 Total 2,442,051 2,098 Date screen was last updated: 07/06/2009 2009-10 Student Access Guarantee As an extension of the commitments made under the original Multi-Year Agreements, your institution will participate in the Student Access Guarantee (including the new Access Window which allows Ontario students to identify costs and sources of financial aid). The detailed requirements for participation in the student access guarantee are outlined in the 2009-10 Student Access Guarantee Guidelines. Please complete the following template to update the strategies and programs that your institution will use in 2009-10 to participate in the Student Access Guarantee initiative. Describe how your institution will meet students’ We automatically look at the shortfalls of tuition and books for tuition/book shortfalls. As part of your description identify all students who apply for George Brown College Bursary. whether aid towards tuition/book shortfalls will be: For students whose shortfall is less than $500 we a)Provided to those students who apply for institutional automatically assess for the $500. We also invite all financial aid; or students who have a shortfall of above $500 to apply b) Automatically issued to students based on their OSAP specifically for the SAG or High Need Bursary. Therefore, it information is not a) or b). This is done through direct e-mail to students, whose unmet need is above $500, with the High Need application attached. See above. If your answer to the above question was ‘a,’ please identify what specific internet portal(s) or program(s) Student Access Guarantee is mentioned at: students at your institution apply through to be considered for tuition/book assistance provided as part of your http://www.georgebrown.ca/financialaid/02assist.aspx participation in the student access guarantee. - Identify any applicable deadlines. Students can apply throughout the academic year. We assess the majority of students for the tuition and book - Identify your communications strategies to inform shortfall after all fall C of E’s are processed since our high students of how to apply. cost programs begin in September. Although we state deadlines, we always examine the shortfall for tuition and books whenever a student applies for George Brown College Bursaries. High need students with the need above $500 are invited to apply via e-mail. Identify whether your institution plans to provide loan No assistance in values greater than $1,000 to meet tuition/book shortfalls of students in any of your second 9 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities entry programs. If so: a) Identify the programs by name and by OSAP cost code; b) Describe how you determine how much loan aid to provide Describe other financial support programs and strategies We have the George Brown College Emergency Bursary that your institution will use to assist students facing fund that meets students’ costs when there is a