use innovative methods to serve an ever-increasing population of first-generation students. 2. The LEADS Initiative in collaboration with both Toronto School Boards will work with 140 identified students in our partner schools to inform, motivate, assist in reducing barriers and increase opportunities for these students. 3. The First Generation project is embedded within the larger context of George Brown’s comprehensive strategy for building relationships with schools, school boards and community partners. We will continue to expand on the number and range of transitional pathways from school to college for First Generation Students. 4. Our approach and model has become a best practice adopted by other post-secondary institutions within the GTA. We have received several requests from other institutions (Humber, Centennial and Lambton) who have received First Generation funding, the most recent being the University of Toronto, to replicate our “Outreach Transition Retention” model. We commit to sharing our expertise in order to assist in increasing participation rates of this population across the GTA. Based on the success of the Early Alert Intervention strategy developed in collaboration with the School of Work & College Preparation we will expand the model and develop a college-wide mandate that systematically meets the unique learning needs of first generation students. 2. School- 1. In the 2006-07 academic years we started the Dual Credit Program by offering five courses to 30 College-Work secondary students in three Faculties. In the 2007-08 academic year we offered nine courses to 137 Initiative (SCWI) students in four Faculties with the goal of expanding the program in the upcoming academic year. We have been able to expand the offerings for the upcoming academic year by strategically building partnerships with our school board representatives and all the college Faculties. This process has helped us in discovering common interests and needs and has allowed us to successfully secure funding to offer 15 courses in five faculties to 285 secondary students who are at risk of not graduating. 2. In the 2006-07 academic year we were able to execute four activities that build student /teacher awareness of the programs offered at the college. This past academic year we were able to successfully execute 10 activities that ranged from curriculum alignment to program exploration 5 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities workshops/days to a professional development day for 55 secondary teachers and guidance counselors. Again this was accomplished by building external and internal partnerships that helped us identify common needs and interest. This process assisted us in facilitating the process of developing plans of execution with common goals and deliverables that focused on: reaching disengaged secondary students by providing opportunities that would motivate/encourage them to pursue post-secondary, assist students in a seamless transition from secondary to post-secondary, and the ability to share information/strategies/curriculum between secondary representatives (teachers) and college representative (professors). In the upcoming academic year we have secured funding for 17 activities that will continue to build on the successes from past academic years. This summer we will be part of a writing team that will include four colleges and two school boards that offer that