techniques that they will carry with inspired her son to follow suit; he is now enrolled them into their respective industries of choice. in a college program and regularly volunteers in the community. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 20 | 21 Elaine Lazzarato A Sustainable Future, Brick by Brick Food and Nutrition Management, 2003 George Brown College allows students to experience It’s never easy to make puréed pork chops look fi rst-hand what it means to build healthy communities. appetizing to an elderly person on a textured diet, This year, students in the Building and Renovation but after 22 years as a top food and beverage program have joined Evergreen—a not-for-profi t administrator and chef manager, Elaine Lazzarato organization focused on making urban communities had a knack for presentation. That talent and livable—to work with its Brick Works project team experience came in handy when Elaine chose to turn as part of a course on masonry restoration. The a new page in life and enter the Food and Nutrition Evergreen Brick Works is the organization’s fl agship Management Certifi cate program at George Brown urban renewal project, and aims to transform the College. The only program of its kind in Ontario, it historic Don Valley Brick Works into a multi-facetted prepares people who already have a culinary and green facility. The two-year program is the only one hospitality background to work in hospitals, retirement of its kind, designed to prepare students to work in homes and health care facilities. Today she works as the renovation and construction fi eld using sustainable the Food and Nutrition Manager at the Wellington design principles. Nursing and Retirement Home in Hamilton where she Beginning in 2010, the once abandoned historic oversees the supervision of 30 staff members, dietary 16-hectare public park will spring to life in a new form aids and cooks and gives 180 residents a reason to and feature a farmers’ market, workshops, festivals, a smile when their food arrives. local food cafe and a native plant nursery, as well as offi ce space for other non-profi t organizations. Using the innovative principles of sustainability acquired in their programs, George Brown College students continue to apply their skills and take part in the construction of this groundbreaking, sustainable, urban environment that will facilitate opportunities to explore and solidify the essential relationship between nature, culture and community in the heart of Toronto. The skills they learn today will become the standards of tomorrow. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 22 | 23 RAISING A TOAST TO YES CHEF! From left to right: John Walker, Dean, Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts; Linda Dunn, George Brown College Foundation; Anne Sado, President; Donna Dooher, Leading Toronto Chef, Author and Restaurateur and campaign co-chair; John Higgins, Director, Chef School and Michael Beckley, Sr. Vice President, Marriott International and campaign co-chair. george brown college foundation initiatives Yes Chef! The Ontario Trust for Student Support (OTSS) George Brown College set out on a course to accommodate the growing demand for student Last year, George Brown College increased its spaces within its Centre for Hospitality and