They are the “must do’s” to make good on the commitments in the Path to Leadership. They will act as guideposts to shape College plans in the years ahead. We have identified six priorities – three that will drive the change required and three that are supporting enablers. Drivers: 1) Prepare diverse learners for job success 2) Invest in the creation and stewardship of high value and high performing partnerships 3) Be an enabler of the Innovation Economy Supportive: 4) Build a sustainable financial and resource model 5) Leverage state-of-the-art technology 6) Build a high-performing organization Planning for the Future (Strategy 2022 and Vision 2030) As George Brown nears successful completion of our Strategy 2020, we introduced our strategic planning initiative, Spark: Igniting Strategy 2022 and Vision 2030 to help us gather new data and ideas, gain inspiration from the changing world around us and explore new ways to imagine and shape our future. We have involved many stakeholders and diverse points of view along the way. We asked for and received input from employees, students, alumni and industry, for a total of over 20,000 contributions. We increased collaboration through digital tools such as polls and a new ideation platform, iGBC, as well as through in-person consultations, workshops and Think Tanks. Acknowledging the pace of change, level of complexity and uncertainty that is part of our environment, we’ve formulated a long-term perspective and vision that will guide us toward the College of 2030, while remaining focused on delivering the strategy for the next three years to 2022. This strategy will be launched in September 2019. 2018 - 2019 Key Accomplishments Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success GBC continues to monitor the academic quality framework and the ongoing projects to achieve our 2016 College Quality Assurance Audit deliverables. Academic Excellence approved four new academic policies including; assessment of student learning, academic integrity, promotion and progression, and expression of educational concerns and complaints. We completed the rollout of a new program approval process, with in-depth program and curriculum review. Faculty development was aided by creation of a teaching resources website. The College continued its ongoing focus on student engagement and satisfaction. GBC had the highest satisfaction rate among GTA colleges for both Library Services and Library Facilities as well as the highest volume of library visits in the province, with 2.5m visits, all while operating at 1/3rd the provincial average cost per library visit. The college made substantial investments in accessible electronic resources and online offerings for after hours library options. Consistent with the college’s Strategic Mandate Agreement, new programs reflecting our areas of strength were developed and/or launched. More specifically, we launched a diploma in Finance, Blockchain and Mobile Application Development certificates and a degree in Digital Experience Design. Development work on a Degree in Business Analytics and another in Food Studies has continued. The college also added a hairstyling apprenticeship program in Continuing Education, in response to a request from MTCU. To ensure a smooth transition for graduates into the labour market, George Brown College has continued to make Work-Integrated Learning and