an on-line Course Outline Management Tool (COMT). The key objectives of the initiative are to support faculty in the development of course outlines (fully accessible online); ensure up-to-date course descriptions on the database; and enable easy access to course outlines by faculty, students, applicants and other stakeholders. We expect to begin implementation in October. Student Engagement and Satisfaction: Student Retention Rates Instructions: Referring to your approved MYAA Action Plan, list: the retention rates achieved; any variance from the targeted rate; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. NOTE: The report-back on retention rates will lag one year. For example, the retention rates from 2006-07 to 2007-08 will be reported in the fiscal 2007-08 report back. Actual Target Achieved? Retention Explain Variance between Achieved and Expected Results and Yes No Rate Any Remedial Action You Expect to Take Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability 1st to 2nd Year 66% (74%) X The College has made significant investments to improve retention rates including the introduction of a college-wide student success expected 70 % program that focuses on early interventions with high risk students in first year. We are also engaged in a major study in partnership with 2nd to 3rd Year 69% (84%) X HECQO to gather better data on student success and to improve our expected 76 % ability to measure retention. We think the current method that relies on ‘level of progression’ as the sole indicator of retention is weak 3rd to 4th Year* 89% (93%) X and perhaps misleading. It does not reflect adequately the behaviour of students who move from full to part-time studies, who move from expected 80 % pre-programs (Semester 1) to Semester 1 of another postsecondary program, who interrupt their studies for a semester, who switch programs, who leave because they have been hired by their coop or field education employer or who are enrolled in course-based programs that do not follow the typical semester-to-semester pathway. These factors likely explain the discrepancy reported here between the retention numbers we derive using the “level of progression” method and our overall retention statistics when we measure our student body as a whole (see results reported in parenthesis). * Applicable only to applied degree programs. C. ACCOUNTABILITY Multi-Year Agreement Action Plan Instructions: This report-back constitutes part of the public record, and as such, should also be made available on your institution’s web site. Please ensure that this portion of your Annual Report is posted at the same location as your Multi-Year Agreement Action Plan. 2007-08 Report Back? Yes No If posted, provide the current link. If not posted, when will it be posted? (cid:57) http://www.georgebrown.ca/globalnav/about/report.aspx Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009