for Aboriginal women in partnership with Native Women's Resource Centre Developed new Marketing materials featuring Aboriginal students and staff to increase outreach to the Aboriginal community using a marketing strategy based on Aboriginal research in British Columbia and Manitoba Expanded the Aboriginal content on the college website Contacted students who self-identified as Aboriginal on their OCAS applications to inform them about services for Aboriginal students Purchased $4,000 in additional equipment and resources for the Native Student Centre at the St. James campus and $11,000 in additional library resources [print, video and electronic] with Aboriginal content Held a welcoming event for Aboriginal applicants to post-secondary programs Supported the formation of an Aboriginal Students Club Students w/ Satisfaction Increase satisfaction (07-08 Same Over the past 3 years there has been a Disabilities 62%) 27% increase in number of students with disabilities that the Disability Department Satisfaction 08-09 – 61% has accommodated. This has put a significant strain on resources. The dept. of Disability Services is currently doing focus groups with students to determine how we can improve services for students. The dept. has also developed a handbook describing their services and will be working with the academic departments to ensure students are aware of our services and to 4 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities improve the services we offer. Mature Enrolment and Increase enrolment and Yes In 08/09 219 students registered through Students retention retention (07-08 OCSES 27) Second Career initiative MYAA Transition Year 2009-10 Please provide 3 to 5 examples of how your strategies/programs to support increased participation of under- represented students will be extended, consolidated and/or best practices applied in 2009-10 in the following space: Strategy / Brief Description Program 1. Lead – The LEADS Initiative serves First Generation populations who need specialized support to make the transition Educate-Apply- to post-secondary education. This target population consists of a mix of disengaged high school students, Deliver-Succeed mature students, and unique vulnerable groups such as Crown Wards and single parents. (LEADS) 1. For 2009-2010, the LEADS Initiative will review how our integrated approach may be extended to serve more first-generation students and to collaborate with additional high schools and community organizations. Experience has taught us that our Outreach Transition Retention (OTR) Model builds capacity which creates further demand in the community. We will continue to use innovative methods to serve an ever-increasing population of first-generation students. 2. The LEADS Initiative in collaboration with both Toronto School Boards will work with 140 identified students in our partner schools to inform, motivate, assist in reducing barriers and increase opportunities for these students. 3. The First Generation project is embedded within the larger context of George Brown’s comprehensive strategy for building relationships with schools, school boards and community partners. We will continue to expand on the number and range of transitional pathways from school to college for First Generation Students. 4. Our approach and model has become a best practice adopted by other post-secondary institutions within the GTA. We have received several requests from other institutions (Humber, Centennial and Lambton) who have received First Generation funding,