and integration of all digital signage across the college into the network. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - Build a High-Performing Organization A framework for Resource and Succession Planning was approved and piloted in the organization, with an objective to ensure the organization is well positioned to deliver on its strategy in the future. The College completed a revised Employee Engagement Survey in the fall of 2016. The results were positive and showed continued improvement in employee engagement. A new process was defined and implemented for Divisional-level action planning to respond to the survey, building on strengths and addressing areas of opportunity to improve engagement across the College. New Goal Setting frameworks and processes were launched in the College to support managers in clarifying employee accountability and management expectations. New Individual Development planning tools and processes were also introduced, to enhance discussion of, and organisational support for, career planning and development. The College continued to meet all AODA requirements and commitments, and provided leadership and shared GBC-models and materials across the sector. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - 2017-2018 Key Objectives Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success Follow through on institutional responses to the recommendations from the 2016 OCQAS Audit. Implement Phase 1 of the Quality Assurance Framework developed in 2016-17, to ensure compliance with CQAAP commitments and promote quality processes for improved student retention and success. Continue to focus on student retention and success, making it an integral part of the College’s culture. Through collaboration between the academic and service departments, implement the next phase of our action plan, including: embedding successful retention pilot practices; implementing service improvements; promoting faculty engagement; and assessing the impact of investments and operating practices. Support the development of faculty for ongoing effectiveness. Advance the Teaching and Learning Exchange (TLX) and begin development of a supporting website. Promote faculty performance reviews and development planning, with the implementation of a simplified process and tools. Expand the utilization of the College’s learning-technology tools in support of teaching and learning. Implement the first phase of a comprehensive multi-year plan for college-wide Learning Management System adoption, contributing to the advancement of the College’s Digital Learning Initiative, including: roll-out of Blackboard Analytics; achievement of Integrated Data Management (IDM); development of LMS usage standards and targets; and faculty engagement and training. As well, complete the roll-out of the College’s Course Outline Mapping and Management System (COMMS), ensuring that all academic divisions and required service areas have transitioned to COMMS by the end of the year. Achieve agreement with MAESD on the next Strategic Mandate Agreement, consistent with the College’s strategy and the conclusions from the 2016-17 Program Portfolio Planning work. Implement the first- year actions arising from portfolio planning, including advancing the development of six new degrees, as well as new diploma and Certificate programs. Improve access to, and the quality of, work-integrated learning across the college. Consistent with the Strategy 2020 goal, in 2017-18 broaden Field Education opportunities to 98% of qualifying programs. Achieve broader faculty, student and industry engagement with applied research. Increase industry cash contributions to applied