disability who use a Service Animal should formalize their accommodation need, as needed, in accordance with the Workplace Accommodation policy, providing documentation to Human Resources, including the following: (a) Name and credentials of professional or evaluator; (b) Description of the current functional capabilities; (c) Specific tasks the Service Animal will perform to meet the accommodation needs of the individual or assist with the functional capabilities; (d) Proof of up to date vaccination, as needed. In the event of a disagreement about the appropriateness of an accommodation, service quality, or an animal exclusion, an Roles Responsibilities employee should confer with Human Resources and if the concern is not resolved, may contact the college’s AODA Coordinator. Exclusions A Service Animal may be excluded when any one of the following conditions exists:  The Service Animal is disruptive and the Partner is not effectively controlling it; • The Service Animal’s presence, behaviour or actions pose a direct threat to property or the health or safety of others.  When another law specifically states that animals must be excluded or the animal is excluded by operation of another law. Reasons for exclusion must be demonstrable, not speculative. Risk may not be remote such as thinking an animal may bite someone or that the animal may annoy others. Assumptions or speculation about how the animal is likely to behave based on past experience with other animals are not valid. If another person complains about the presence of a Service Animal (because of allergies, fear, or other reasons not related to the animal’s demeanour or the complainant’s health), the person with objections to the animal should be separated and/or leave the area where the animal is located. If the Service Animal is to be excluded for any of the above reasons, the Partner must be given the option of participating in an activity or receiving services without the Service Animal on the premises. If the animal has been excluded because of disruptive behaviour, the Partner must be allowed to participate in the activity with the Service Animal once the animal’s behaviour is under control. Dispute Resolution Process In the event of a disagreement about the appropriateness of an accommodation, service quality, or an animal exclusion, a student should confer with Accessible Learning Services and an employee should confer with Human Resources. If the matter is not resolved, employees and students may confer with the College’s AODA Coordinator. A visitor with a disagreement regarding the use of a Service Animal should contact the department responsible for the related event and, if the concern is not resolved, may contact the AODA Coordinator. Documentation from Regulated Health Professionals Upon request, students with a disability will provide documentation to Accessible Learning Services and employees with a disability will provide documentation to Human Resources. Documentation that the individual requires the animal for reasons relating to the disability can be provided by one of the following regulated health professionals: (i) A member of the College of Audiologists and Speech-Language Pathologists of Ontario. (ii) A member of the College of Chiropractors of Ontario. (iii) A