our students bring it provides. It’s a place where the future needs of home medals from the annual Skills Canada the city and its workforce can be seen, heard and, competition; witnessed the completion of our most importantly, shaped. $5 million Yes Chef! fundraising campaign to expand our Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts As you peruse this report, you will encounter the through the generous donations of our industry names, faces and stories of real people—students, partners; and celebrated the ground breaking of our educators, employers and donors—who have made newest campus on Toronto’s waterfront, which will personal and collaborative contributions that have allow us to help the province boost the number of enriched the applied learning experiences of those health professionals available to service our growing around them. In turn, these experiences will need for health care. enhance the contributions our graduates make on the industries they serve. These achievements and the success of our graduates are the direct result of all those who From the halls of Commerce Court to the stage contribute to making George Brown College an of the Canon Theatre, to the kitchen fl oor of the academic institution that breeds innovation and hottest new restaurant and the ground breaking serves the community. The combined generosity, site of the newest high rise, George Brown College active involvement, hard work and infectious graduates are creating a brighter future for our city. attitude of our donors, industry partners, educators As we move into a new decade, we take with us the and staff have been integral to the many goals and values that have made us the success we accomplishments witnessed in more than are today. We stand fi rm in our commitment to 40 years of excellence at the College. We look creating workplace-ready graduates equipped not forward to the months and years ahead as we only with the technical knowledge of their chosen continue to work together to create opportunities fi elds, but the soft skills, such as communication, that will increase student access and success and teamwork and customer service, that are so highly that will advance Toronto’s prosperity and valued by employers. We remain resolute in our international reputation. conviction to provide accessible education to an ever-diverse student body and do so in a manner that is responsible, ethical, effi cient and sustainable. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 2 | 3 MARIE FUENZALIDA Graduate - Dental Hygiene program, 2009 proven partnerships At George Brown College, we identify the needs The Pulse of Innovation of an industry and transform those needs into Innovation is the key to ensuring Toronto’s future programs that fi ll a gap in the marketplace. We as a world-class economic and cultural mecca, and expose students to entrepreneurialism and critical collaboration is an inherent element of innovation. thinking, creating expert learners who are able to That’s why George Brown College developed our continually improve processes, products and services Offi ce of Research and Innovation; to provide as soon as they enter their fi eld of choice. innovative minds within the GTA the opportunity