We also for interprofessional learning, a more cross-disciplinary student life, helping kick-start area development by leveraging provide graphic design services for not-for-profi ts, top notch student theatre approach that mirrors the current transformation of health almost $200 million in direct investment, creating up to 2,000 productions at the Young Centre for the Performing Arts in the Distillery care delivery in the province. This new approach will help give jobs during the construction phase, and supporting more than District, and gourmet meals at The Chefs’ House restaurant. future George Brown graduates a clear advantage as they enter 600 permanent high-paying jobs post construction. The careers in the sector. community will also have access to new campus health clinics as well as our new fi tness and recreation complex. Helping us Make it Happen George Brown College has woven an integral strand in the Committee, helping to shape the curriculum to best fi t the needs diverse fabric of our city. Our faculty members are leaders with of your industry. You may want to offer your expertise as an deep connections to their industries. Our graduates make instructor, where you can have an immediate impact. But by far immediate contributions to their professions, having benefi ted the most signifi cant benefi t you can gain is by experiencing the from an education focused on applied learning and real-world personal and professional quality of George Brown students experience. And the College contributes to the vitality of its fi rsthand by hiring one of our graduates or establishing a work Dr. Grant Lum community in myriad of ways, connecting with the many placement or internship program between your organization and diverse neighbourhoods that make up Toronto. George Brown College. SPORTS MEDICINE PHYSICIAN AND MEDICAL DIRECTOR AND FOUNDER OF ATHLETIC EDGE We invite you to join us. There are so many ways to get However you can, it is important that stakeholders like you involved with George Brown College. Whether it’s as a donor continue to help George Brown College Make it Happen. SPORTS MEDICINE or as an industry advisor on one of our Program Advisory Healthy Advice When sports medicine physician Dr. Grant Lum isn’t “The educational experience that the “The notion of a Construction Science and treating injured clients—some of them elite athletes and artistic performers—he’s providing George Brown students receive at George Brown Management Degree program at George College with real-world health-related expertise. Dr. Lum College really sets them up for success. Brown College was the brainchild of a serves as Medical Director for the Fitness and Lifestyle We are very confi dent that through group of industry leaders through the Management Program and participates on its Program Advisory Committees (PAC). The role of PACs across the the academic and also the practical Toronto Construction Association. To have College is to bring industry leaders together to advise experience that they have acquired a program that breeds graduates who can academic divisions in an effort to ensure continued relevance and fl exibility of program curriculum. It’s a that they will be effective in leader- make