among industries. Currently George Brown is the only Colleges with respect to training. Not only has George Canadian college offering programs accredited by the Brown created an effective training program for its own Institute, joining 20 other post-secondary institutions employees to ensure compliance with the accessibility from around the world. The Centre for Hospitality standards for customer service, it has also created a and Culinary Arts also completed the Apprenticeship model that has benefi tted colleges across the province. Enhancement Fund renovations of the Bake Labs. With input from faculty, staff, and students the College The Centre for Business opened the Institute of determined that the implementation of Offi ce 2007 Entrepreneurship and Community Innovation, a living would benefi ts both employees and students. This lab where George Brown students, with help from upgrade occurred throughout 2009-2010 and Offi ce their professors, will provide business consulting 2007 training was provided for all employees. services to local social enterprises, not-for-profi t organizations and for-profi t businesses. For clients of The Institute, this means low-cost access to physical Conclusion and intellectual resources and facilitation of local and In achieving the goals set out for 2009-2010, and international strategic alliances. our strategic objectives for 2005-2010, George Brown continues its commitment to excellence in teaching George Brown completed its Master Space Plan and applied learning, and our role in shaping the during 2009-2010 which will allow the College to future of Toronto. We look forward to establishing grow into the future. new strategic objectives which will lead us to ongoing success in the future. Improving Process through System Effi ciencies Process improvements allow George Brown to provide better service to the College community, as well as to reduce the time spent on process tasks. As part of the Academic Strategy, a Course Outline Management Tool was created. At the end of 2009-2010 over 1000 courses were on the COMT. This allows for students and faculty to access course outlines online and ensures that each course outline follows a common template. AAANNNNNNUUUAAALLLL RRRREEEEPPPPOOOORRRRTTTT 000999///111000 3|| 633 77| 37 college and foundation boards College Board of Governors 2009-10 EXTERNAL MEMBERS INTERNAL MEMBERS Minaz Abji Nathanial Fleming Executive Vice President Asset Management Student Representative Host Hotels & Resorts George Brown College Rahul Bhardwaj Marilou Martin President & CEO Support Staff Representative Toronto Community Foundation Co-Operative Education Offi cer Centre for Business, George Brown College Laurie Cook Partner Marjorie McColm Ed. D. Borden Ladner Gervais LLP Associate Vice President Academic George Brown College Michael Eubanks, Chair Vice-President, Governance, and Anne Sado Architecture & Corporate/Diversifi ed Businesses Ex-offi cio President, Canadian Tire Corporation George Brown College Christopher Griffi n, Vice Chair Tom Tomassi President, International Vice President Faculty Representative USG Corporation CGC Inc. Faculty of Technology, George Brown College James McPhedran Senior Vice President, Ontario Region Foundation Board of Directors Scotiabank OFFICERS OF THE BOARD Lynn Nagle President, Doug Turnbull, Chair, Nagle & Associates Inc. Deputy Chairman, TD Securities Inc. Assistant Professor Esther Farlinger, Vice Chair Faculty of Nursing - University of Toronto Rod Macgillivray, Past Chair Maureen O’Halloran Staff Representative