transition or apprenticeship programs. Individual students may belong to more than one group. In the cells counting respondents for each under- represented group, do not adjust for this potential double-counting. Eliminate any double-counting in the column, “Total Number Self-Identifying as Member of Under-represented Group”. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Student Groups in Your Student Population Total Number Self-Identifying Students as Member of Total Number First with Mature Measurement Aboriginal Generation Disabilities Students Under- of Students Methodology represented Francophone Surveyed, if (including description) # # # # Group Students applicable At this point in time, we are only able to estimate student groups through surveys (Student KPI, Ontario College Student Engagement) and students self reporting their status to various service areas of the college. Self-Identified (Aboriginal 350-400 -- -- -- -- -- -- Support Program). Self-identified (Student -- -- 1103 -- -- -- -- Affairs Dept.). 2007-2008 Student KPI -- -- -- -- -- 50 7199 2007 OCSE. Figures were 54 164 65 27 273 4 848 rounded. Note: Figures may be over or under stated: a) OCSE relies on students self-selecting themselves to complete the surveys. Therefore, OCSE may not capture all student groups accurately and b) different methodologies are currently being used in Ontario to identify various groups. GBC’s definitions: First Generation: Students whose both parents did not complete post-secondary education. Mature: 19 years and older with less than high school completion Increased Participation of Under-Represented Students — Programs/Strategies Instructions: Referring to your approved MYAA Action Plan, list: each access improvement strategy/program planned for the fiscal year being reported; whether the strategy/program was executed; the result achieved; any variance from the targeted result; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. Implemented? Target Achieved? Explain Variance between Achieved and Yes No Yes No Access Expected Results and Any Remedial Strategy/Program/ Action Indicator Achieved Result You Expect to Take Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Increased enrolment of X First Generation Student X First Generation (FG, LEADS Initiative. In year 1 Aboriginal and Mature) of this 3-phase initiative, we have surpassed our Students Strategy goal of reaching 1,000 First Generation Students through one-on-one advising, workshops, conferences and other special programming. Crown Ward Initiative: The 2007 Summer Experience program engaged 12 students, and the Possibilities Fair 2008 engaged close to 40 students. SCWI - Dual Credit and Pathway Program GBC worked with 3 high schools to develop College pathways programs that align curriculum for seamless transition. We also offered 3 dual credit courses in Health, Technology and Community Services to 30 high school students, 17 of which successfully completed the program. Pre-Apprenticeship Assistant Cook Program The pre-apprenticeship assistant cook program in partnership with various community organizations, provided an opportunity for 25 immigrant women to learn the basic skills required to be an assistant