Future in Focus Annual Report 2014/15 Career clarity begins at George Brown Results from a recent Statistics Canada At George Brown College, we understand survey confirmed what post-secondary that career clarity is influenced by many educators have long witnessed: career factors throughout our lives. Our students decision-making is “an ongoing process, come to us at all stages of their journey – occurring throughout adolescence and for example, when pursuing a career typically lasting well into adulthood.”1 change after spending time in the workforce, supplementing university The survey followed a group of Canadians education with hands-on experience, from age 15 to 25, inquiring every two or beginning a new career path after years about their career goals. Although immigrating to Canada. some survey participants stuck with the goals they’d set in their teens, more than No matter our students’ age or stage, we 13% remained undecided about their provide tools for them to confidently career goals at age 25, while more than choose an area of focus and become highly 38% had changed their minds and decided employable in that field. Developed in to pursue a new career. consultation with industry, our programs reflect the evolving needs of the labour market, ensuring that students build the job skills and people skills employers require – now and into the future. As a supporter of George Brown, you play a vital role in helping our students develop the career clarity that enables their success and, in turn, the success of our city. Our employers help students and alumni learn from and connect to real- world work environments; our industry ANNE SADO partners keep our academic programming President relevant and involve students in solving George Brown College business problems; and our donors provide students with access to financial resources to complete their studies. Whatever role you play, you are transforming lives and bringing a brighter JAMES MCPHEDRAN future into focus for the professional Chair leaders and community builders of Board of Governors tomorrow. Thank you for your support. Executive Vice-President, Retail Distribution, Canadian Banking, Scotiabank 1 “Career Decision-making Patterns of Canadian Youth and Associated Postsecondary Educational Outcomes,” Statistics Canada, January 2015. ANNAUNANL URAEPLO RRETP O20R1T4 2/10514/151 1 Celebrating shared success George Brown College is a key resource in shaping the future of Toronto as a leading global city. Our donors, employers and industry partners share our interest in contributing meaning- fully to the city’s economic, social and cultural vitality. With your support, we are generating impressive results. 2 2FUTUFURTEU INR EF OINC FUOSCUS High-performing • 8 of the top • 407 students partnerships 10 organizations completed are benefiting employing George international our students Brown graduates field placements and the broader are highly integrated across 39 programs community. partners of the in 23 countries college and/or are during 2014/15. among the GTA’s top employers.2 • More than 600 individuals and organizations are involved in our Program Advisory Committees, which ensure our students benefit from academic programming that is reflective of industry trends. c FUTURE IN FOCUS Our contributions • 1,130 student • To date, George to the