Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Multi-Year Accountability Agreement Report-Back College: George Brown Year: 2008-09 As noted in the Multi-Year Accountability Agreement for Colleges for 2006-07 to 2008-09 (MYAA), the government appreciates that implementing this and future agreements will be part of an evolutionary process which will incorporate maturing consensus on how to best measure and indicate access and quality. This will require a strong collaborative partnership between institutions and the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. This Multi-Year Accountability Agreement Report-Back Template has been designed to assist with the ministry’s continuing efforts to measure the participation of students from under- represented groups, and as outlined in Appendix B (the Multi-Year Action Plan) of the MYAA, access and quality improvement strategies and the strategies and programs that will be used by your institution to participate in the Student Access Guarantee initiative. The ministry will also use the completed Multi-Year Accountability Report-Back Template to review the progress made on the commitments outlined in your Multi-Year Action Plan. As in previous years, MTCU will withhold a portion of your institution’s yearly allocations until the completion of the annual Report-Back review and confirmation that your institution is on track for meeting its commitments, or the approval of an improvement plan by the ministry. MYAA Transition Year 2009-10 As outlined in the MTCU memo to colleges and universities dated March 31, 2009 the MYAAs have been extended into 2009-10 in order for the government and its postsecondary education partners to transition into a re-aligned accountability framework that reflects the future directions for the system in 2010 and beyond. The expectation for the transition year is that institutions will maintain their commitments for access, quality and accountability as outlined in the original agreement. This includes reporting enrolment through the established protocol, providing information to assist the Higher Education Quality Council of Ontario (HEQCO) with its research on access and quality, and compliance with the Tuition Fee Framework and the Student Access Guarantee. MTCU does not require your institution to set additional targets in 2009-10. The attached Report-Back Template provides space for you to identify how your institution-specific access and quality improvement strategies for 2006-07 to 2008-09 will be extended, consolidated and/or best practices applied in 2009-10. You are also asked to outline how you will continue to monitor the impact of these access and quality improvements over the transition year. You will find appended to this Report-Back Template a summary of consolidated access and quality improvement strategies developed from the previous Report- Back years. The expectation is that by strategically aligning activities and focusing on evaluation of outcomes that your 2009-10 year will provide the basis for your institution to develop a new Multi-Year Action Plan with corresponding targets in 2010. 1 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities A. ACCESS Increased Participation of Under-Represented Students — Measurement As stated in the MYAA, the ministry is committed to working with institutions and HEQCO to develop a system measure that will track the participation of under-represented students in a manner that is sensitive to privacy concerns. To assist with