model, Jean Baptist De La Salle, a marketing and event management, Wendy Dempsey As Deputy Chairman of TD Securities Inc., Douglas Turnbull is ambition to build a new life. The couple accomplished more 17th century priest who spent his life establishing schools for had some great mentors who helped her reach the top used to taking a future-focused approach to income growth. than they dreamed possible. Rudy worked his way up from the poor and training teachers. Throughout his 50 years of of her fi eld. Currently she is an Event Marketing Manager He knows a good investment when he sees it. He says George machine maintenance technician to a position as a top teaching in Toronto and Montreal, Vince followed the example for SickKids Foundation where she manages some 60 Brown College is exactly what the Toronto economy needs in executive with an electrical company. Now in a position to give of De La Salle in promoting the idea that education should be stewardship and recognition events each year. Now she order to thrive. In 2008, he took on the role of Chair of the back, Rudy and his wife support various organizations that freely available to everyone, especially those who are is returning the goodwill shown to her by sharing her George Brown College Foundation Board of Directors. He will assist young people facing obstacles to education – including marginalized or disadvantaged. In 1998, Vince established the wealth of knowledge with George Brown Continuing be instrumental in leading fundraising efforts for the new George Brown College. In 2006, the couple created two De La Salle Fund at George Brown College through a personal Education students through a course on event planning waterfront campus as well as raising awareness among large endowments for student scholarships at the College. Each year gift. He rallied further support from friends, colleagues and entitled ‘Event and Meeting Management – Sponsorship donors about the value of investing in George Brown College, since, they have built upon their initial donation with additional former students. Today, through donations and matching and Fundraising,’ which she began teaching as a the quality of its graduates and its impact on life in Toronto. funds. Today the Koehler’s endowments generate several funds from the Ontario government, the endowment has annual scholarships for George Brown College students. With Continuing Education Instructor in 2009. exceeded the $1 million mark and continues to grow. “The business community tends to think of higher education matching funds from the Ontario government through the “It’s a fantastic time to be in this dynamic, creative in the context of universities; colleges frequently get Ontario Trust for Student Success, the Koehlers are having an “I always tried to emphasize the importance of living a and evolving industry. It feels great to pass along my overlooked. I would much rather have a large impact on even greater impact on the lives of students. good life and helping others to change their lives through knowledge, experience and best practices to students helping to build a very important organization such as George education.