to the Audit Committee. Tel: 905 270-7700 BDO Canada LLP Fax: 905 270-7915 1 City Centre Drive, Suite 1700 Toll-free : 866 248 6660 Mississauga ON L5B 1M2 Canada www.bdo.ca Independent Auditor’s Report To the Board of Governors of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology We have audited the accompanying financial statements of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology, which comprise the statement of financial position as at March 31, 2015, and the statements of operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and remeasurement gains and losses for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information. Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with Canadian public sector accounting standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. Auditor's Responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. Opinion In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology as at March 31, 2015 and the results of its operations, cash flows and remeasurement gains and losses for the year then ended in accordance with Canadian public sector accounting standards. Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants Mississauga, Ontario June 3, 2015 BDO Canada LLP, a Canadian limited liability partnership, is a member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international BDO network of independent member firms THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Statement of Financial Position as at March 31, 2015 2015 2014 {$'000) ($'000) Assets Current assets: Cash $ 91,070 $ 66,680 Short term investments (Note 2) 27,984 27,119 Grants receivable