quality of, experiential learning activities to students. Our goals include deployment of technology college-wide to manage and coordinate the student WIL experience, develop a culture of quality experiential learning and ensure career skills development integration within our academic programming. George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships George Brown continues to build interconnected partnerships with institutions, industry and community. We are developing partnerships with employers and industry to increase career relevancy for learners through co-creation of educational models and delivery, as well as expanding our academic and institutional partnerships to collaborate through course sharing, faculty exchange and joint programs. We became the first college to partner with the Toronto Public Library, embarking on a memorandum of understanding to create more access to enhanced learning opportunities. Continuing Education will continue to develop partnerships with provincial and federal government organizations, as well as pursuing US accreditation for distance learning. A strengthened partnership with the University of West Indies will include development and delivery of online programs and expanded educational opportunities for internships, electives and practical experiences for all our academic divisions. Cisco Canada will be working with George Brown on smart building automation projects related to the Internet of Everything, including management, automation and networking. Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy George Brown will launch a series of Research and Innovation Exchanges, to act as catalysts for innovation in our key areas of expertise. These will bring together education, partnerships, entrepreneurship and investment. The college will also continue to evolve and deepen our capabilities in a number of areas. For example, we will undertake the first phase of evolving FX LIFT (Leading Innovation in Fashion Technology) to a “Technology Access Centre or (TAC)” for fashion. We will also complete the planning for the Light Manufacturing Incubator in partnership with the City of Toronto, MaRS Discovery District and the Refined Manufacturing Acceleration Process (ReMAP) to pioneer a new kind of urban manufacturing space. Having announced the appointment of a Mass Timber Research Chair in May 2019, we will create a plan to bring together researchers, students and industry partners to explore, develop and test innovative solutions. George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - . Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Meet enrolment targets, consistent with the SMA. Achieve divisional margin objectives in a new corridor funding model context, with the finalization of a multi-year predictive tool that ensures our commitment to the SMA is aligned to program portfolio planning. Meet or exceed the college’s budget targets, meeting all Ministry benchmarks on the Financial Health Indicators. Consistent with the budget, identify and plan for meaningful productivity and efficiency improvements across the college. Achieve our comprehensive campaign fundraising target. Building on last year’s approval of an enterprise risk management framework, we will begin implementation of an integrated risk management program, as well as completing business impact assessments for high risk areas and developing full business continuity plans. The College will place emphasis on efficiency improvements within operations in a number of areas. This