education conference hosted by Colleges and Institutes Canada in 2016. This partnership is also a key component of George Brown’s strategic response to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recommendations. George Brown College has a strong partnership with Miziwe Biik Aboriginal Employment and Training. It delivers introductory courses at Miziwe Biik to provide pathways for community members to enrol in its programs. George Brown College is deeply engaged in its work with Miziwe Biik and a memorandum of understanding is currently in development to outline its continuing commitment to creating and delivering curricula. In addition, George Brown’s Institute Without Boundaries will continue to act as Miziwe Biik’s advocate planner for the Aboriginal Hub redevelopment in downtown Toronto. 3.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Augmented Education Developed in collaboration with the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, the Augmented Education Program is a supportive training model that helps people with mental health and/or addictions challenges find and maintain employment in the culinary or construction industries. The program also accommodates students who struggle with a mental illness coupled with a learning disability, such as autism. This is a unique program in that it offers additional support through job coaches, who provide guidance and basic counselling; make academic accommodations; and help students manage their behaviour to be as successful as possible in the program. Augmented Education is free for participants, allowing any student to gain the necessary skills to work in their chosen career, regardless of their financial barriers. Since the program is widely accessible, the student community is very diverse, reflecting a variety of ages, sexual orientations, and cultural backgrounds. School of Immigrant and Transitional Education The School of Immigrant and Transitional Education offers specialized programs and services that help prepare newcomers to Canada for employment or further education. The School provides a welcoming and supportive environment that includes flexible programming, smaller classes, added supports such as advising or counselling and accommodated learning approaches to help students succeed. The School engages in projects that provide educational opportunities for underserved groups and builds community partnerships to facilitate transitions to education or the workplace for students who face barriers.  15 Programming for immigrant students includes workplace communications courses and professional bridging programs that facilitate entry into the Canadian workforce. The School has three programs funded by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada:  The Occupation Specific Language Training program is a funded consortium of 14 Ontario colleges under the umbrella of Colleges Ontario. It involves close co-operation among participating schools, especially among those in the GTA.  Planning for Canada is administered through Colleges and Institutes Canada, involving a close partnership with that organization and with other participating colleges and settlement agencies across the country. George Brown College has a close partnership with COSTI Immigrant Services, its settlement counterpart for Ontario.  The Mentoring Partnership is funded by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada, but administered through a close partnership with the Toronto Region Immigrant Employment Council. Assaulted Women’s and Children’s Counsellor/Advocate Program The Assaulted Women’s and Children’s Counsellor/Advocate program is based on understanding how systems of oppression intersect