work well, and live well — the program uses a coaching approach to support students’ learning and study skills, essential employability skills and mental health and well-being. The program offers comprehensive leadership training for peer coaches, as well as regular guidance and development from Student Success Coordinators on topics such as sexual violence prevention, mental health awareness, SafeTalk suicide prevention, self-regulation and resilience. Over 70 peer coaches support students through group workshops, individual coaching, community programming and collaboration with other services and academic areas across campuses. The program contributes to a healthy campus environment where students feel engaged, included, and equipped with the necessary skills to thrive at the George Brown and beyond. 1.3 Metrics and Targets 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Target Overall Student Satisfaction Rate 73.9% Student Satisfaction with Services (Q39) 60.2% Student Satisfaction with facilities (Q49) 73.0% 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Increase retention rate 70% Increase student satisfaction with career advising and job 53.1% search assistance  9 2.0 Innovation in Teaching and Learning Excellence This section focuses on innovative efforts including pedagogical approaches, program delivery and student services that contribute to a highly skilled workforce and ensure positive student outcomes. This section captures institutional strengths in delivering high-quality learning experiences, such as experiential, entrepreneurial, personalized and digital learning, to prepare students for rewarding careers. It includes recognition of student competencies that improve employability. It begins to identify indicators of quality that are currently available and within an institution’s control. 2.1 Institutional Approach to Innovation in Teaching and Learning Excellence Field Education The central pillar of George Brown College’s 10-year strategic plan is an unprecedented commitment to experiential learning in the form of field education. Field education includes: co-op, paid, and unpaid placements; research projects with industry; simulations; and work in on-campus enterprises, such as the Chefs’ House training restaurant. In 2010–2011, George Brown had field education opportunities in 69 per cent of eligible programs (those that prepare students for direct entry into the workforce) and made a commitment to have field education in 100 per cent of eligible programs by 2020. It has now implemented field education in 95 per cent of eligible programs and the remainder are on track to be in place by 2020. Many students are engaged in course capstone research projects that have them working directly with industry to solve a problem. In recent years, field experience opportunities have expanded to include innovative new opportunities, including the formation of student companies. A recent capstone project in George Brown’s Game Design program involved 11 postgraduate students forming Biterblock, a video game company. As a team, the students designed the layout and game play of an entire game and hired nearly 80 undergraduate students who fulfilled their 120- hour field placement requirement and received academic credit for their work. Institute Without Boundaries In support of its field education goal, George Brown College has implemented a compressed and holistic form of experiential learning called a charrette, pioneered by its Institute Without Boundaries. A charrette is a collaborative learning and creation method that brings together full-time students, visiting students, faculty,