Learning; Access and Equity; Research Excellence and Impact; and Innovation, Economic Development and Community Engagement. In addition to commenting on activities in these areas, institutions have been asked to indicate preferred institutional metrics and targets, as well as to establish institutional targets for system-wide metrics. This is part of the path from SMA2 to SMA3 and the ongoing work between the Ministry and institutions in developing and using metrics that support greater accountability and transparency for the use of differentiation funding. Building upon the previous sections, the Ministry is asking institutions to set out a differentiation narrative. If each of the five priorities corresponded to a funding envelope, taking into account your institutional visions and mandates – and your strengths – how would you weight your priorities against those envelopes and how would you measure your progress? In this section, the Ministry is interested in learning more about each institution’s overall differentiation vision. NOT FOR PUBLICATION For George Brown College, access and equity, student experience, innovation in teaching and learning excellence, and community engagement are all fundamental priorities, regardless of associated funding. The two priority areas that best move forward the College’s agenda to support the economy of the Greater Toronto Area and Ontario are applied research and innovation and economic development. Through its work with industry and community partners, support for student entrepreneurship, and extensive work with small- and medium-sized enterprises, George Brown College is positioned to anticipate and respond to trends in a rapidly changing economy. The College is very proud of its expertise and deep industry partnerships in a wide range of areas, including green building, food innovation, advanced prototyping, health technology, and digital design. Student entrepreneurship and social innovation are rapidly growing areas of activity for the College, and further expansion is anticipated in the coming years. Given the College’s belief in the importance of both applied research and innovation and economic development to enable it to serve the needs of the economy, it would apportion 50% of any funding to these two priorities, and the remaining 50% equally apportioned to: access and equity, student experience, and innovation in teaching and learning excellence.  35 Other Sustainability Issues Institutions are encouraged to state their perspectives on other sustainability issues and the opportunities to address them. The ministry acknowledges the thoughtful and important considerations raised by institutions in this section. They include, but are not exclusive to:  considerations related to overall funding levels;  capital and deferred maintenance;  environmental sustainability challenges;  other government initiatives including proposed changes to labour legislation; and  a number of fiscal sustainability issues The ministry will continue to work with institutions in support of collaboratively addressing these issues. Facilities Sustainability The College has coped well with the rapid growth in enrolment needed over the last decade to satisfy student and local employer demands. The College has done this in an environment of tight capital funding, while maintaining an unblemished record of meeting the Ministry’s benchmarks on all indicators of financial health. However, this record of achievement has been accomplished with two