plans to launch new programs, this coming year we will launch Career Development Practitioner – Graduate Certificate and International Cuisine (insert credential type). This year the college will undertake a Portfolio review of all programs, as we have done every 3-4 years. The work examines market demand/evolution, technology change by sector, financial performance/resource utilization, digitization, interdivisional collaboration and the impact of current and future programs on graduate jobs. The college will also upgrade softskills, aligned with industry expectations, as measured in our employer survey results. The newly formed Division of Student Success will focus on continuous improvement in student co-curriculum learning, retention and success, as an integrated part of College culture, building on and renewing the work and best practices of projects completed over the past 3 years. We continue to grow utilization and functionality of our Learning Management System for all programs, and have specific digital enhancement plans across academic divisions In alignment to MAESD’s Guiding Principles for Experiential Learning, the College continues to move forward on our commitment to improve access to, and the quality of, work-integrated learning and includes targets to increase student participation levels in research by 2% and expansion of field study opportunities internationally Learning activities will be further enhanced through a new a web-based platform that facilitates the integration of classroom theory to sector-specific initiatives. Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships The new Director, Partnerships role will facilitate the creation of a College-wide governance model on how to build and grow industry and community partnerships, domestically and internationaly, as we focus on supporting the development of our most promising cross-divisional partnerships. Continue to accelerate academic partnerships consistent with ONCAT objectives and our own program-specific student pathways priorities. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy Building on the plan to build a tall wood building at the Waterfront, co- creating a Tall Wood Institute, which will serve at the learning and innovation hub to develop and advance this new construction design and technology. The Centre for Construction and Engineering Technology will create a low carbon building skills training hub to respond to MAESD’s strategy to strengthen training, workforce and technical capacity in these specific skills. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Meet enrolment targets, consistent with the SMA. Achieve divisional margin objectives in a new corridor funding model context, with the development of a multi-year predictive tool that ensures our commitment to the SMA is aligned to program portfolio planning. Meet or exceed the college’s budget targets, meeting all Ministry benchmarks on the Financial Health Indicators. Consistent with the budget, identify and plan for meaningful productivity and efficiency improvements across the college. Achieve our comprehensive campaign fundraising target – reach 70% of our $60M campaign goal. Complete and receive Board approval of an Enterprise Integrated Risk Management Framework, ensuring that all decisions are reflective of risk factors. Business Continuity plans will be fully integrated with the Risk framework as both advance. Develop a five-year College and Facility Plan and Capital plan supporting