at a hospital or research company. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 I “Working on the Toronto 2015 Pan Am and Parapan Am Games has deepened my commitment to my project management students. When I return to the college after the Games, I’ll be able to share project tools, examples and case studies from one of the largest events ever put on in Canada.” DEREK VIGAR Professor, George Brown College; Manager, Games Operations & Main Operations Centre, Toronto 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games Contributing CONTRIBUTING TO A DYNAMIC NEW COMMUNITY With the Games behind us, we’ll soon be at work transforming the site of the Athletes’ Village into George Brown’s first student residence, set to open in 2016. Developed in collaboration with Infrastructure Ontario and Waterfront Toronto, the residence will provide over 500 living/learning spaces while breathing new life into Toronto’s West Don Lands. “This residence will make a big impact on the experience we offer our students,” says George Brown president Anne Sado. “We believe it will inspire a stronger sense of community within our student body, while anchoring a vibrant new neighbourhood in the downtown core.” It’s the start of an exciting new chapter for George Brown, our students and the city. II FUTURE IN FOCUS When Derek Vigar heard that the Pan Am and Parapan Am Games were coming to Toronto, he immediately thought of the field education opportunities they could open up for his students. With more than 50 sports, 7,500 athletes and an expected attendance of 250,000 spectators, the Games presented a once-in-a-lifetime project management challenge. What Professor Vigar didn’t realize is that they’d also lead to a learning opportunity of his own. He took a professional leave to be the Manager, Games Operations & Main Operations Centre. The role complements his work in George Brown’s Project Management program by enhancing his expertise and providing real-world case studies he can use in the classroom. He’s also built a network of new professional contacts his students can tap into as they begin careers of their own. Contributing “H aving a field placement Like many recent high school graduates, with Toronto 2015 gave me Aaman Dudani was unclear about his career goals when he applied for college. the upper hand when the His first year in George Brown’s Business organization was hiring. Administration program allowed him to Although I didn’t have any explore many aspects of the field and by the time he completed his first project full-time work experience management course, he knew he’d found when I started, the tools his niche. Aaman’s passion for project and concepts I learned at management was obvious to Professor Derek Vigar, who suggested he pursue a school were transferable to field education placement with the the projects here.” Toronto 2015 Pan Am and Parapan Am Games. Before long, Aaman was using the skills he’d learned in class to help plan the AAMAN DUDANI delivery of Canada’s largest multi-sport Graduate 2013, Business Administration; and cultural event. He made such a strong Project Coordinator, Toronto 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games impression that when his placement ended,