(i.e., Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative). ● Provides reasonable accommodation solutions in as timely a manner as the complexity of the request permits. ● Participates in WA meetings and the assessment and development of WA plans. ● Ensures the accommodation includes and integrates persons into employment and activities in a manner that respects their dignity, autonomy and self-esteem. ● Ensures the individual requesting the accommodation is not in any way disadvantaged because they have sought or require a workplace accommodation. ● Respects that individual accommodation plans are developed on an individual basis. ● Communicates accommodation plans in a format accessible to the requesting party with a commitment to review plans, as appropriate. ● Benefits Office Specialist validates medical and/or disability information. ● Respect the right to privacy and confidentiality of all employees and candidates for employment. Supervisor / Manager ● Acknowledge a request for accommodation within 3 business days and identify an approximate response time frame regarding next steps in the accommodation process commensurate with the complexity of the case. This may be conducted by whichever party is first notified (i.e., Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative). ● Provide reasonable accommodation solutions in as timely a manner as the complexity of the request permits. ● Maintain appropriate contact with the relevant parties throughout the WA process. ● Collaborate with the Employee to identify the appropriate workplace accommodation and implement the WA plan, in consultation with the Human Resources Consultant, the Benefits Office Specialist, the Union Representative or the External Expert (as needed). ● Participate in WA meetings and the development of WA plans. Union Representative ● Acknowledge a request for accommodation within 3 business days and identify an approximate response time frame regarding next steps in the accommodation process commensurate with the complexity of the case. This may be conducted by whichever party is first notified (i.e., Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative). 10 Workplace Accommodation Policy Role Responsibilities ● If an employee requests their union representative as a participant in the process, the union member is to take an active role as a partner in the accommodation process and share joint responsibility with the employer to facilitate accommodations in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the AODA. ● Duties may include: ○ Representing the Employee; ○ Assisting the Employee in understanding procedures and their responsibilities regarding the WA program; ○ Participating in WA meetings and the assessment and development of WA plans, upon request; ○ Assisting with co-worker communications. 7.0 CONFIDENTIALITY The College is committed to protecting the confidentiality of Employee medical and personal information and ensures that confidentiality is in compliance with national and provincial medical records and privacy laws and that it documents the process used. All parties involved in the Workplace Accommodation process (including but not limited to: Employees, Human Resources, College Departments, Supervisors / Management and Union Representatives, Health Care Professionals) shall protect the confidentiality of employee medical and personal information. Records of personal medical information are kept confidential and separate from Employee human resources