allow the College to add 4,000 new student Giving back to the community in the form of high quality products and and workplace-relevant learning environments, with labs and seats, helping the province address looming skills shortages in services is another way that George Brown College enhances the City of classrooms overlooking the Toronto harbour and green space, a variety of industries and provide new opportunities for the Toronto. Supervised by their professors, some students are already working fi tness and recreation facilities integrated in the design. thousands of Ontarians looking for essential training and while Torontonians reap the benefi ts. re-training. Not only will it help us better address the needs With a Fall 2009 groundbreaking, the project, design and George Brown College operates nine daycare centres throughout Toronto, of the health-care sector by providing greater volumes of construction teams selected and more than $90 million in which serve dual purposes of experiential learning for students in the School high-demand, well-trained workers, it will also free up Provincial and Federal funding in place, George Brown of Early Childhood and fi ll a vital need for high quality daycare in the City. considerable high-value space across the College’s existing College’s new Health Sciences campus is on an accelerated Students in the Interprofessional Learning Clinic in the Centre for Health campuses to allow for greater capacity in other high-growth path to construction. Studies hone their skills by providing walk-in clients with anything from areas, such as Construction and Apprenticeship programs. teeth cleaning to fi tness and hearing tests. Students within George Brown’s The new facility will be transformative – not only for our Having a dynamic college community at the heart of Toronto’s Yorkville School of Make up and Esthetics also provide a wide variety of students but for the province and the city. Designed to house new East Bayfront redevelopment will energize the area and services to the public, including nail, waxing, make up, facials, hair and body George Brown’s burgeoning Centre for Health Sciences, the add tremendous economic stimulus to the city. George Brown treatments. George Brown has two student-run clothing stores City Uptown campus will be among the fi rst in Canada to be purpose-built College will bring the rejuvenated Toronto waterfront alive with and City Downtown where students stock and sell merchandise. We also for interprofessional learning, a more cross-disciplinary student life, helping kick-start area development by leveraging provide graphic design services for not-for-profi ts, top notch student theatre approach that mirrors the current transformation of health almost $200 million in direct investment, creating up to 2,000 productions at the Young Centre for the Performing Arts in the Distillery care delivery in the province. This new approach will help give jobs during the construction phase, and supporting more than District, and gourmet meals at The Chefs’ House restaurant. future George Brown graduates a clear advantage as they enter 600 permanent high-paying jobs post construction. The careers in the sector. community will also have access to new campus health clinics as well as our new fi tness and recreation complex. Helping