excellent example of how George Brown is working with government and industry to drive innovation, improve the sustainability of our buildings and bolster the Canadian economy. COOkInG uP SuCCeSS In ReGenT PARk Equal parts social enterprise and dining destination, Paintbox enables its employees Paintbox Bistro has the recipe for success – many of whom are from Regent Park and and it starts with empowerment. Helmed by other priority neighbourhoods – to build the part-time George Brown College instructor confidence and skills they need to launch Chris Klugman, the bustling Regent Park new careers in the food and hospitality eatery is staffed primarily by former Ontario industry. The restaurant also provides a local Works recipients who have received basic hub for community events, while its unique kitchen training at George Brown’s backstory entices diners from across the city Chef School. to visit the recently revitalized Regent Park. “P aintbox has given Regent Park an opportunity to get involved with good food.” nilusha Thiagaraja Graduate 2011, Hotel Management Manager-At-large, Paintbox leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p12 “G eorge Brown taught me the skills I need and the language to speak in this industry.” A new generation of small business She eagerly enrolled and moved to Toronto, leaders is getting its start at George Brown, learning both the art of goldsmithing and and Brittany Hopkins is proud to be among the strategy behind establishing a career in them. Brittany was working at a bead the industry. Now she’s the owner of Anice store in Edmonton and finishing up a Jewellery, a Toronto boutique specializing business diploma when a customer told in custom and reworked jewellery. Opened her about the Jewellery Methods program with help from a Canadian Youth Business at George Brown. Foundation loan, the shop is the perfect outlet for Brittany’s creative talent and entrepreneurial spirit. Graduate 2010, Jewellery Methods Owner, Anice Jewellery Graduate 2013, Culinary Management Queen elizabeth II Aiming for the Top Scholarship Recipient Through his work at George Brown’s But FIRSt does more than provide our Food Innovation and Research Studio culinary students with hands-on experience (FIRSt), student culinary researcher Greg in their field. It’s also filling a critical Czetwerzuk has developed new recipes, gap in the Canadian food processing created nutrition labels and participated industry, providing small and medium- in live demonstrations. sized businesses with a cost-effective way to develop and commercialize new food products while gaining access to a talented pool of students and researchers. “T he experience and skill set I have attained at FIRSt will help me not only in the food industry, but in any sort of work I may take on after college.” leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p14 developing soft sKills While technical skills will always remain essential for career success, employers have told us they’re most interested in candidates with soft skills such as customer service, productivity and teamwork, as well as oral, written and cross-cultural communications. That’s why we’re making development of these skills a key part of every student’s learning experience at George Brown –