of affordable, high-quality postsecondary education options, now and in the future; and • The College remains accountable to the Ministry with respect to effective and efficient use of resources to maximize the value and impact of investments made in the postsecondary education system. The Ministry and the College agree to use the following metrics to assess the financial health and sustainability ofthe institution: 1. Annual Surplus/Deficit 2. Accumulated Surplus/Deficit 3. Net Assets to Expense Ratio 4. Debt Servicing Ratio 5. Quick Ratio 6. Debt to Asset Ratio 11 7. Net Income to Revenue Ratio MINISTRY/GOVERNMENT COMMITMENTS Over time, the Ministry commits to align many of its policy, process, and funding levers with the Differentiation Policy Framework and SMAs in order to support the strengths of institutions and implement differentiation. To this end the Ministry will: • Engage with both the college and university sectors around potential changes to the funding formula, beginning with the university sector in 2014-15; • Update the college and university program funding approval process to improve transparency and align with institutional strengths as outlined in the SMA; • Streamline reporting requirements across Ministry business lines with the goals of (1) creating greater consistency of reporting requirements across separate initiatives, (2) increasing automation of reporting processes, and (3) reducing the amount of data required from institutions without compromising accountability. In the interim, the Multi-Year Accountability Report Backs will be adjusted and used as the annual reporting mechanism for metrics set out in the Strategic Mandate Agreements; • Consult on the definition, development, and utilization of metrics; • Undertake a review of Ontario's credential options; and • Continue the work ofthe Nursing Tripartite Committee. The Ministry and the College are committed to continuing to work together to: • Support student access, quality, and success; • Drive creativity, innovation, knowledge, and community engagement through teaching and research; • Increase the competitiveness of Ontario's postsecondary education system; • Focus the strengths of Ontario's institutions; and • Maintain a financially sustainable postsecondary education system. 12 SIGNED for and on behalf ofthe Ministry SIGNED for and on behalf ofGeorge Brown of Training, Colleges and Universities by: College of Appli~d Arts and Technology by: Presiden~~ DeputifliSter 2..0t '=I 17 -;,-otf Date I I Date I 13