across various categories including: first in research income; first in number of paid students in research; second for number of partnerships; and second for number of completed projects. We also offered 1,429 student research experiences, including 182 applied research collaborations with industry and community partners. 1 GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview • “Smart” welding lab. This leading-edge lab allows instructors to demonstrate and digitally document welding techniques and gives students a chance to practice in a controlled environment using realistic simulations. The smart lab also features an accessible welding station for people with special needs. • Architectural innovation in the form of the province's first tall wood institutional building. Designed to be a catalyst for sustainability and economic growth, construction like the Arbour will spur Ontario’s forestry sector. In 2018, we announced its design, by the team of Moriyama & Teshima Architects + Acton Ostry Architects. Their innovative architectural plan will include solar chimney systems for sustainable natural ventilation and flexible learning spaces constructed with mass wood components. • R&D and learning facilities for Hospitality and Culinary Arts. Through these new facilities, we continue to help our culinary arts students gain hands-on experience and provide much-needed space for industry professionals to test and develop new products. • New academic programs to meet evolving labour market needs. This year we launched a series of new programs focused on areas identified as priority based on market trends and industry demand. • Internationalized learning. We continued to increase our international work and study opportunities for domestic students while also supporting international students here in Toronto, we were recognized by Colleges and Institutes Canada (CICAN) as a gold recipient of their Internationalization Excellence Award. While George Brown College’s graduate satisfaction and employer satisfaction rates remained high, at 78 and 91 per cent respectively, we continue to work to improve student satisfaction rates. As we look ahead to our Strategic Plan for 2022, we’re reimagining how and what we teach, incorporating new technologies and reworking our learning environments. At the heart of this transformation is the mandate that’s always guided us: preparing a remarkably diverse group of learners for job success. Together with our partners, we’re helping students build the skills they need to embrace change and to lead it themselves—in Toronto, across the province and around the world. Priority Areas Provide trends and key outcomes for the 2017-18 Strategic Mandate Agreement metrics included within each of the five priority areas. (max. 200 words per priority area). 1. Student Experience This priority area captures institutional strengths in improving student experience, outcomes and success, and recognizes institutions for measuring the broader learning environment, such as continuity of learning pathways, retention, student satisfaction, co-curricular activities and records, career preparedness and student services and supports. 2 GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview With a sharpened focus on student experience, GBC aligned departments and programs that support student learning and development into the new Division of Student Success. Led by a new Vice-President, interdisciplinary teams across the division