two blocks of land just south of its St. James campus on Queen’s Quay between Lower Sherbourne and Lower Jarvis Streets. The two-building campus will face a park at the foot of Sherbourne Street to the East – currently slated for completion in 2010 – and the new Corus Entertainment building near Jarvis Street to the West. To accommodate the new development and activity in the area, the city plans to increase public transportation access east on Queen’s Quay, a project set to coincide with the new campus’ completion date in 2011. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 7 Creating Possibilities, Together INDUSTRY CONNECTEDNESS Opportunities to shape the future on a large scale don’t come about every day. Being in a position to successfully seize these opportunities is even rarer. This is why this present time is so special. With a forecasted shortage of more than 40,000 post-secondary education spaces in the GTA over the next two decades and numerous industries facing changes in the marketplace – including everything from growing sophistication of consumer tastes to shortages of skilled labour, George Brown is seeing opportunity and taking bold steps to help its industry partners grow and manage change well into the future. As the educational leader in several of the province’s key industry sectors, George Brown is working to create a future where businesses have the well-trained, highly-skilled employees they need to continue to meet their individual business goals. The College’s large scale expansion, already well underway, will not only produce more workplace-ready graduates, but also dramatically increase its ability to provide relevant, up-to-date programming and curriculum. By focusing on growth and industry connections, George Brown is further strengthening its position as a valuable partner and driver of progress for industry. Realizing the opportunity at hand, more and more industry partners are joining George Brown in creating possibilities for the future. Among the highlights of our industry partnerships in 2007-2008: (cid:129) HOSPITAL FOR SICK CHILDREN TRAINING. George Brown’s Centre for Health Sciences has partnered with Toronto’s Hospital for Sick Children in a Pediatric Acute Care Cardiology program to provide registered health care professionals with the knowledge, skills and competencies to care for children and families with congenital and acquired heart disease. In the program, unique to Ontario, students actively integrate theoretical knowledge with observational and hands on practice in a variety of pediatric cardiac settings. (cid:129) CANUHOME. The Institute without Boundaries, part of George Brown’s School of Design launched its sustainable concept home called Canuhome at Toronto’s Green Living Show. A universal, accessible and adaptable full sized home that offers improved indoor air and environment quality, a reduced ecological footprint through energy, water and resource effi ciency and inherent affordability, the Canuhome lasts longer and is less costly to operate than a conventional house. Designed by George Brown students, its construction, development and exhibition was made possible through partnerships with Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, TD Canada Trust, the Forest Stewardship Council and numerous other industry partners. (cid:129) REX ONLINE RESOURCE. To make it easier for its more than 450 industry partners engaged in