learning opportunities are integral to the curriculum, providing students with practical training for in-demand jobs. Core to the polytechnic model is working with industry to solve applied research problems and identify commercialization opportunities while offering a range of credentials to prepare the workforce to meet industry needs. The high quality of the College’s George Brown’s programs has been recognized by institutions in other countries, including the Politecnico di Milano (Milan, Italy) and the Institute of Art, Design and Technology (Dún Laoghaire, Ireland). The partnership with the Institute of Art, Design and Technology offers students the opportunity to earn a Master of Arts degree with as little as four months’ additional study. The College aspires to offer a range of credentials to meet the needs of the sectors it serves. Increase Learning Space Toronto is a hub for many Canadian and international companies. As one of the largest providers of training for skilled trades in Ontario, George Brown College aims to deepen its connection with these companies, and with the City of Toronto as a whole, to serve their employment needs. However, George Brown is constrained by a lack of physical space and its unique downtown location in Canada’s most expensive city makes this issue particularly acute. One of George Brown’s key aspirations is to begin construction of a new academic building, immediately north of its Health Sciences building, completing the build-out of its Waterfront Campus. George Brown aspires to build the first tall wood academic building in Ontario, carbon-neutral and net-positive. It will act as a demonstration facility to students in green and smart building technologies and provide a place where industry representatives and researchers can pilot and test new technologies and processes. The new building will be core to the George Brown’s Institute for Tall Wood Buildings Research. Anticipate and Meet Changing Learning Needs 1 The ministry acknowledges George Brown College’s request for a polytechnic designation. The ministry will be undertaking a review of this issue and has noted George Brown College’s position.  5 The rapidly changing nature of work and the impact of the digital economy require a shift in the paradigms that traditionally govern content and delivery in higher education. Young people graduating from high school today, mid-career professionals working in downtown Toronto and workers new to Canada all need skills to respond to labour market needs that are changing from month to month. George Brown College aspires to be at the forefront of this change, anticipating and meeting the evolving requirements of industry and of learners. It will design programs and pedagogies that meet the demands of the fourth industrial revolution. It aspires to be the college of choice for adult learners who are seeking flexible options to upgrade their skills or re-train for new employment opportunities.  6 Shared Objectives and Priorities for Differentiation 1.0 Student Experience This section captures institutional strengths in improving student experience, outcomes and success. This section recognizes institutions for measuring the broader learning environment, such as continuity of learning pathways; retention; student satisfaction; co-curricular activities and records; career preparedness; and student