Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities early alert interventions. Starting in September we are increasing our course offerings by another 10% and also have four new 5. E- learning plan certificate programs, namely Office Assistant, Office Bookkeeping, Medical Office Transcription and Online Instruction Certificates. Planning for a 4 week series on Mobile-learning that will involve a number of faculty currently engaged in research related to this topic. Please outline how you will continue to monitor and evaluate the outcomes of these strategies in 2009-10 in the following space (e.g. through KPI surveys, retention rates): Strategy / Program Brief Description of Monitoring and Evaluation of Outcomes 1. Curriculum Through KPI and Student Feedback Questionnaires Specialists 2. Communications Graduate and Employer communication question on the KPI and impact retention rate of students Skills Project 3. Library Learning Continued enrolment growth will continue to have a dampening impact on Library/Open Access KPI Commons results until we can obtain the space for an appropriate sized Library Learning Commons. That said, user surveys are being taken to assess student satisfaction and, of course, the annual KPI survey will be reviewed. In regard to the Library Disability Assistance services project, metrics of usage rates of new services, and improvements to access to accessible resources will be reviewed. The success of the Integrated Assessment Centre consolidation will be evident in the service improvements that are made possible. With the lack of specific KPI satisfaction questions, measurement will be limited to the observable outcomes and anecdotal comments. Library instruction statistics will be reviewed at year end. 4. Student Success Retention and persistence 5. E- learning plan Satisfaction KPI Student Success: Student Retention Rates MYAA Report Back 2008-09 Referring to your approved Multi-Year Action Plan, please report on the 2008-09 retention target achieved by your institution. If your institution has not achieved your proposed results, please explain the variance and your planned improvement activities in the column provided. Proposed 2008-09 Retention Rate Explain Variance between Proposed and Achieved Retention Target Achieved Results (if applicable) and Any Improvement Activities You Expect to Take 1st to 2nd Year 70% (07-08 66%) 66% (75%) Note that the first number refers to retention of students 13 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities within the program who are following a sequential pathway. 2nd to 3rd Year 76% (07-08 69%) 63% (79%) The second number in parenthesis is the persistence rate. The number of students who are enrolled in the college but 3rd to 4th Year 80% (07-08 89%) 88% (90%) maybe in another program, or to changed to part-time. There is no obvious explanation as why retention rates for students following a sequential pathway have dropped. We will continue with the role out of our student success interventions, communication skills interventions and improve to curriculum to improve retention rates. If you would like to provide any other comments, please do so in the following space: MYAA Transition Year 2009-10 Pending advice from HEQCO from the development of student retention measures and targets, we also ask that you continue to track student retention in 2009-10 according to