suitable for student and classroom use.  Communicating with the publisher/distributor of the material to determine the availability of the material in an e-text/media format and provide detailed ordering information to the bookstore, e.g. ISBN, Title, Author, etc. in the same manner that a textbook is requested.  Confirming with the provider that the e-text/media is compliant with copyright regulations.  Seeking, in regard to manuals and course-packs, approval from the copyright clearance vendor at least four months in advance in order to get permission to convert text to media.  Ensuring that textbooks ordered by faculty are available in electronic format whenever that option is available and that textbook lists are sent to both the textbook buying staff at the bookstore and the Accessibility Consultant two to three months prior to the commencement of the semester to ensure the textbook can be purchased and provided in multiple formats (e.g., Braille, large print or digital audio).  Ensuring that all printed materials (e.g., course outlines, reading lists, assignments, articles, test, examinations, notes and any other handouts) that are distributed or assigned to the students are available in an accessible electronic format, such as MS Word. 2.5.3 UNIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING (UDL) Furthermore, George Brown College supports universal design principles including Universal Design for Learning (UDL), a set of curriculum design and delivery principles aimed at creating an inclusive and accessible learning experience for students. Considered a best practice approach, UDL is achieved through the development of flexible curricular materials and activities. 2.6 TRAINING TO EDUCATORS George Brown College will provide accessibility awareness training related to accessible program or course delivery and instruction. The college is committed to ensuring all educators are trained as soon as practicable and will keep a record of the training provided under this section, including the dates on which the training is provided and the number of individuals to whom it is provided. 2.7 PRODUCERS OF EDUCATIONAL OR TRAINING MATERIAL In instances where George Brown College is a producer of educational or training textbooks, the college shall make accessible or conversion ready versions of the textbooks available according to the following schedule: in respect of accessible or conversion ready versions of textbooks, January 1, 2015 and in respect of accessible or conversion ready versions of printed materials that are educational or training supplementary learning resources, January 1, 2020 upon request. 2.8 LIBRARIES OF EDUCATIONAL AND TRAINING INSTITUTIONS George Brown College will ensure where available, that we provide, procure or acquire by other means an accessible or conversion ready format of print, digital or multimedia resources or materials for a person with a disability upon request in accordance with the following schedule: in respect of print- based resources or materials, January 1, 2015; and in respect of digital or multimedia resources or materials, January 1, 2020. Further details are available on the college's Library website. 3.0 EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS 3.1 RECRUITMENT George Brown College will take the necessary steps to ensure the availability of accommodation for applicants with disabilities in its recruitment processes. 3.2 RECRUITMENT, ASSESSMENT OR SELECTION PROCESS During