groups in the areas of: • Deaf students - through the Deaf Learn Now program. • People with mental illness and/or addictions through a partnership for programming and research with the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health. • Aboriginal students -supported by an Elder-in-Residence, designated student centres, Aboriginally-focused course content, Aboriginal counsellor and staff, tutoring, awards, bursaries, and cultural events. • First-generation students. • Immigrants - English for Academic Purposes for ESL students, specialized language instruction for immigrants who are pursuing education in a range of areas including: nursing, business and construction. • Dual credit with high schools and "School within a College." • Partnership with all Pathways to Education sites. • Academic upgrading programs. 3.2 Additional Comments • The Ministry notes George Brown's strength in serving underrepresented groups within the GTA. • In a provincial context, according to 2012-13 data the College had: 626 full-time Aboriginal students, which is on par with the sector average (4.2%). - 4,908 full-time first-generation students {33.1% of the College's total enrolment), which is above the sector average {30.3%). - 1,968 students with disabilities (13.3% ofthe College's total enrolment), which is below the sector average (15.2%). 3.3 Metrics Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics • Number of deaf, deafened, and • Number and proportion of Aboriginal, hard of hearing students first generation, students with disabilities, • and francophone students at an Number of deaf, deafened, and institution hard of hearing students in the GTA supported by College • Number and proportion of international students enrolled in Ontario (as reported in annual institutional enrolment reporting) 7 Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics • Proportion of an institution's enrolment that receives OSAP 4. PROGRAM OFFERINGS This component articulates the breadth of programming, enrolment, and credentials offered, along with program areas of institutional strength/specialization, including any vocationally-oriented mandates. This component also recognizes institutions that provide bilingual and/or French-language programming for students. 4.1 Areas of Institutional Strength Current program areas of strength include: 1. Culinary and Hospitality 2. Design 3. Construction 4. Community Health 5. Business Management 6. Business Marketing 7. Dental 8. Information and Communication 9. Technology 10. Access and Immigrant Education 11. Early Childhood Education Proposed program areas for growth include: 1. Culinary and Hospitality - Hospitality Management 2. Design - Art and Design 3. Construction 4. Community Health 5. Business Management 4.2 Additional Comments • The Ministry notes that George Brown plans to expand in its areas of strength by 25 programs; these are generally supported by outcomes and program infrastructure. • The Ministry notes George Brown's plans to develop and implement a suite of degree programs, which will increase student pathways. 8 4.3 Metrics Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics • Proportion of enrolment at colleges by occupational cluster and by credential • Institution's system share of enrolment by occupational cluster and by credential • Number of apprentices in each trade 5. INSTITUTIONAL COLLABORATION TO SUPPORT STUDENT MOBILITY This component profiles partnerships between institutions that ensure students have access to a continuum of learning opportunities in a coordinated system. This may include, but is not limited to, credit transfer pathways and collaborative