disability will be directed to the Benefits Office. The Benefits Office will keep all medical-related information strictly confidential and details will not be shared with the Supervisor / Manager. Although the information disclosed will be used in assisting the process to identify workplace accommodations for the Employee or prospective Employee, the employer will not be privy to the disability. 5.3 Formalizing an Individual Accommodation Plan (IAP) The Employee and Supervisor/Manager will work together to identify the appropriate workplace accommodation, in consultation with the Human Resources Consultant, the Benefits Office Specialist, the Union Representative or the External Expert (as needed). Once the appropriate accommodation has been identified, the accommodation details will be formally documented using the Individual Accommodation Plan (see Appendix 1). 6 Workplace Accommodation Policy In accordance with the AODA O. Reg. 191/11, s. 28 (3), individual accommodation plans must be documented and must include: ● How the College will provide workplace information in an accessible format, if requested; ● How the College will provide accessible emergency information, if needed; and ● Any other accommodation that is to be provided. The accommodation plan is provided to the employee in a format respecting any accessibility needs, as appropriate. 5.4 Monitoring and Reviewing the Individual Accommodation Plan The Employee and Supervisor / Manager will monitor the IAP to ensure that it is current and effective with formal reviews conducted on an annual basis. An Employee may request that an IAP be reviewed or updated if changes to the workplace accommodation(s) are required due to changes in the Employee’s accessibility need due to disability. An Employee will initiate their Individual Accommodation Plan (IAP) to be reviewed in the case that the Employee’s work location or position changes. Any updates or reviews to the IAP will be provided to the employee in a format that takes into consideration the Employee’s accessibility need due to disability. Where an Employee is dissatisfied with an identified accommodation, a review can be undertaken by the Human Resources Division. The Employee must provide a rationale in writing of the request for review and must provide any new relevant information. In the event that the internal review processes remain unsatisfactory, the Employee maintains access to grievance/appeal processes as afforded through their collective agreement and/or the Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy, as applicable. 5.5 Rejection of Individual Accommodation Plan George Brown College recognizes that workplace accommodation process is a partnership between the Employee, their Employer and where appropriate other relevant parties. However, the final decision(s) regarding accommodation will be determined by the college. If an accommodation request is denied, the Employee will be provided with a reason for the denial in an accessible format. 7 Workplace Accommodation Policy 6.0 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Role Responsibilities Candidate ● Prospective employees who may require accommodation during the selection process at the college. ● Candidates for employment and those selected for interviews may inform Human Resources or the Hiring Manager of any accommodation requirement in a timely fashion so that the appropriate accommodation can be arranged. ● Human Resources or the Hiring Manager will collaborate with