to engage with the issues that affect our city. 6 FUTURE IN FOCUS Early Childhood Education student Jhayvee Tampol asked the candidates about public access to affordable childcare, inspired by his field placement with the Ontario Coalition for Better Child Care. “Politicians should know the value of the work that early childhood educators do, and how this service contributes to the overall health and well-being of the population,” explains Jhayvee, an international student from the Philippines who plans to work in child care research and advocacy. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 7 “ Where do It’s a standard interview question, yet many job seekers you see struggle to answer it. At George Brown College, we help people yourself of all ages and experience levels bring their professional futures into in five focus. Through industry- informed curriculum and on-the-job learning years?” opportunities, our students develop a greater sense of career clarity, while building the technical and people skills employers value most. The result is a new generation of graduates who know where they’re going – and have the full range of abilities to get there. 8 FUTURE IN FOCUS Future in Focus Discovering “I hadn’t been a student for so long, at the beginning I was questioning myself. But the first day I started class, I felt comfortable. The teachers are very flexible and understanding. I have all the help I need.” HANAN ATOUFAH Student, Academic Upgrading Discovering Starting over is never easy, but at George Brown, Hanan Atoufah found the support she needed to develop a new career plan. Hanan used to be a teacher in Saudi Arabia, where she completed her bachelor’s degree in biology, but faced limited career prospects when she moved to Canada. A local social service agency referred her to Choices, a one-week program at George Brown that helps participants develop a plan for transitioning into post-secondary education. Soon she was enrolled in the college’s free Academic Upgrading program – funded by Employment Ontario through the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities – and taking full-time classes in math, communications, biology and English. Hanan says the helpful teachers and staff made her feel comfortable right away. Now she’s well on her way to achieving her goal: completing George Brown’s Health Information Management diploma program, with her sights set on a new career at a hospital or research company. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 I “Working on the Toronto 2015 Pan Am and Parapan Am Games has deepened my commitment to my project management students. When I return to the college after the Games, I’ll be able to share project tools, examples and case studies from one of the largest events ever put on in Canada.” DEREK VIGAR Professor, George Brown College; Manager, Games Operations & Main Operations Centre, Toronto 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games Contributing CONTRIBUTING TO A DYNAMIC NEW COMMUNITY With the Games behind us, we’ll soon be at work transforming the site of the Athletes’ Village into George Brown’s first student residence, set to open in 2016. Developed in collaboration with Infrastructure Ontario and Waterfront Toronto, the residence will provide