and important considerations raised by institutions in this section. They include, but are not exclusive to:  considerations related to overall funding levels;  capital and deferred maintenance;  environmental sustainability challenges;  other government initiatives including proposed changes to labour legislation; and  a number of fiscal sustainability issues The ministry will continue to work with institutions in support of collaboratively addressing these issues. Facilities Sustainability The College has coped well with the rapid growth in enrolment needed over the last decade to satisfy student and local employer demands. The College has done this in an environment of tight capital funding, while maintaining an unblemished record of meeting the Ministry’s benchmarks on all indicators of financial health. However, this record of achievement has been accomplished with two significant enablers that affect long-term sustainability. Leased Spaces The College has taken on a significant amount of leased space to support student demands. The College has been quite economical in space acquisition—it is one of two Ontario colleges with the lowest amount of space per full-time equivalent student. Still, its inventory of leased facilities has grown to 10% of its total portfolio, and this has created two sustainability issues: an uncertain ability to secure this space in the medium term as leases mature (given the demand for commercial leased space in downtown Toronto); and stress in the College’s operating economics (total occupancy costs can approach $50 per square foot in leased space versus less than $12 in owned space, or 32% of gross academic revenue per square foot versus 8%.) Over the next five to 10 years, the College will need to develop additional owned buildings to replace the current leased space. The College is doing its best to build reserves to support this capital program, engage private donations of capital, and win capital funding support from all levels of government. Deferred Facility Renewal The College has had to defer some major facility renewal projects on some of its large buildings that have aging systems and outdated space-use designs. Given the lease-replacement demands identified above, the College does not expect to have sufficient internally funded capital for infrastructure renewal to address these deferred maintenance requirements; bring these buildings into better compliance with today’s energy-efficiency standards (much less those of 2030); and meet the demands of today’s teaching and learning methodologies. The College’s facility condition index was last calculated to be close to the provincial average of 15%, or poor. The College has entered into two energy service company arrangements in recent years, using the cash flow from energy savings to fund some of the systems renewal required, but that source of funding is quite limited and cannot address the larger deferred maintenance backlog. This issue is not critical today, but collaborative answers must be found with the Ministry in the medium term.  36 Program Sustainability While the College believes deeply in its access agenda, its ability to offer some niche access programs is becoming increasingly constrained because of a lack of adequate operating funding. This financial sustainability challenge is particularly acute for programs