Toronto needs, Toronto has never needed George Brown more and fuelling the engine of tomorrow’s economy. and that’s precisely why there’s never been a better time to support the college. Whether you choose We understand employment – and we know that to make a financial contribution, join a Program in a city that never stops evolving, we can’t stop Advisory Committee or partner with us on field either. That’s why we remain in constant dialogue education or applied research, your support will with employers, engaging them in program have a direct impact on our students and our city. development to ensure our graduates have the skills they’re looking for. Anne Sado Lynn Nagle President Chair, Board of Governors LEADING A CITY TO WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2012/13 p4 Meeting the needs of eMployers George Brown understands employment. By building and maintaining strong relationships with industry, we’re staying on top of what Toronto needs now and what it will need in the future. Graduate 2009, Bachelor of Applied Business – Financial Services Financial Planning Associate, TD Waterhouse “M y degree from George Brown and my major in Financial Planning gave me a great understanding and really helped me get this role.” Completing his Bachelor of Applied Business at George Brown, Francisco Cerna learned more than just theory. He also learned to work as part of a team, collaborating with classmates on group projects and engaging with instructors. This gave him a competitive advantage during his job search and prepared him well for his current role as a financial planning associate at TD Waterhouse, where building strong relationships is key. Each day, Francisco provides vital support to financial planners across Canada, drawing on both the professional expertise and soft skills he built at George Brown. LEADING A CITY TO WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2012/13 p6 Putting Canada back to work Analysts are predicting a massive shortage With programs concentrated on many of of skilled workers over the next few the fields facing shortages, George Brown decades, even as youth unemployment rates College is doing its part to keep Toronto remain high. Although there’s no shortage working, by delivering the job-ready of job seekers, there’s a significant gap graduates necessary to fill critical vacancies between the available skills and what the in and around the GTA. job market requires – and right now, that gap is getting wider. DOuBlInG OuR BuSIneSS In response to growth and change in Canada’s business sector, we’re expanding our Centre for Business from two schools to four. The schools in the Centre now include the School of Accounting & Finance, School of Human Resources, School of Management and School of Marketing. By focusing on these key areas, we’re making it easier for students, employers and industry partners to connect with the programs that best meet their needs. It’s been estimated that by In 2016, as employers struggle 2016, there will be 1.5 million to find suitable employees, skilled job vacancies. there will be 550,000 By 2021, unskilled workers who aren’t qualified for the the number vacancies that exist could climb to –