allowed him to Although I didn’t have any explore many aspects of the field and by the time he completed his first project full-time work experience management course, he knew he’d found when I started, the tools his niche. Aaman’s passion for project and concepts I learned at management was obvious to Professor Derek Vigar, who suggested he pursue a school were transferable to field education placement with the the projects here.” Toronto 2015 Pan Am and Parapan Am Games. Before long, Aaman was using the skills he’d learned in class to help plan the AAMAN DUDANI delivery of Canada’s largest multi-sport Graduate 2013, Business Administration; and cultural event. He made such a strong Project Coordinator, Toronto 2015 Pan Am/Parapan Am Games impression that when his placement ended, he was hired full-time as a project coordinator. Two years later, he’s got a wealth of experience and a clear sense that project management in the sports industry is the right career for him. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 III “I love what I do, and I’m very blessed to be able to do what I went to school for. I know I’m affecting people’s lives. I would not be where I am if it wasn’t for my experiences at George Brown College.” DENISE BLAIZE Graduate 2001, Child and Youth Worker; Addictions Counsellor, City of Toronto Giving Denise Blaize has spent more than a decade helping Torontonians overcome their toughest challenges. A graduate of the Child and Youth Worker program, Denise started out as a Child Advocate and Children’s Counsellor for the City of Toronto, providing one-on-one and group counselling for kids whose families lived in shelters. Now she’s an Addictions Counsellor at a men’s residential program, where she helps clients find housing, access financial support, reconnect with family and build a personal toolkit of skills for sober living. It’s challenging work, but Denise had a clear picture of what to expect as a counsellor thanks to her studies at George Brown, which included hands-on learning in class and field placements at an elementary school, corrections facility and the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health. In fact, she’s still applying a piece of advice from an instructor, who told her that counselling breakthroughs rarely happen when you’re sitting across a desk from someone – they happen when you’re washing dishes together or playing basket- ball. “I always think about that when I’m working with clients,” she says. “I still use that every single day.” IV FUTURE IN FOCUS ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 V “D an and I share a motivation to mentor current George Brown students looking to enter the sports marketing field. We want to encourage the next generation that’s coming through.” JONATHAN CHANG Graduate 2000, Sport & Event Marketing; Director, Marketing & Events, NBA Canada Leading The future of basketball in Canada has never looked so promising, thanks in part to the leadership of two George Brown alumni. NBA Canada’s current Vice- President and Managing Director Dan MacKenzie joined the organization in 1998, shortly after graduating from the Sport & Event Marketing program. A year