accessible software, redesigned physical spaces, expansion of online services to promote student access and an expansion of the technology equipment loan program. The College maintained its focus on Indigenous teachings and cultural competence, including a 2.5-day retreat with more than 70 staff developing action plans to integrate increased cultural awareness into their work and lives. The College continued to promote the Teaching and Learning Exchange (TLX), expanding offerings and collaboration, and planning for delivery of more programming, increased access and a website. The George Brown College Foundation funded $1.2 million towards 963 scholarships with an average value over $1,240. Institutional Research supported Human Resources in leading the research elements of the College’s participation in the ministry mandated ‘Student Voices on Sexual Violence’ survey. They also tested a student poll process to obtain real-time student feedback on current issues, with plans to roll out in 2018-19 Applied Research continued to be a major College-wide focus. GBC was once again recognized as the top-ranked college in Canada, for the second time in 3 years (source – Research Infosource). We were also the first ranked College for number of students involved in applied research and second ranked for both number of partners and number of projects. StartGBC, a virtual hub and gateway to connect entrepreneurs with start-up business owners and innovators, was able to develop a physical presence funded by the 50th anniversary gifts from the George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - province. startGBC supported 68 start-up companies and 77 events, engaged with 1,680 students and provided 622 hours of mentoring time. The gift of 50th anniversary funding also allowed facility upgrades targeted at enhancing the quality of our students’ experience. Completed projects included classroom upgrades (furniture and audio- visual), new computer labs and the refresh of our main campus lobby, which was transformed into a Student Welcome Hub. The College continued implementation of its Internationalization Strategy, built on multiple pillars including the globalization of course content, student and faculty international placements, and the integration of international students in our programs. We reached our objectives for increased awareness of international study opportunities, with 333 students studying or working abroad, with 64 faculty/staff. To enhance the quality of the international student experience, we increased and improved student integration activities, events and communication and worked to proactively meet with students to resolve issues in a timely and personalized manner. Indicators of our success include (from I-Grad student survey scores for 2017): • Employability: 83.1% (up from 79.8%) • Careers Advice: 77.2% (up from 75.8%) Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships The College made investments to build capacity and align activity College-wide with the creation of a Director, Partnerships office in early 2018. New Academic partnerships were developed across four Centres. The Centre for Business partnered with Ceridian to support the teaching of HRIS, as well as with the Project Management Institute in support of Project Management programs. We saw great growth in the Wine/Beer/Spirits industry through partnerships with Mission Hill, Napa Valley, Gallo Family and others. Community Services and