the cusp of major expansion – a great step forward offering extraordinary opportunities for students and employers. There have been undeniable signposts pointing to this growth. Driven by increasing demand for its programs, George Brown College has nearly doubled in size since 2000. With a new campus scheduled to open in Fall 2011, we will expand the College’s capacity again by nearly a third and play a central role in the revitalization of Toronto’s waterfront. Expansion and renovation of new and existing buildings at the St. James campus, including the opening of The Chefs’ House, the Chef School’s new open concept restaurant on King Street, will bring even greater public exposure for George Brown and its future graduates. While these developments are considerable on their own, the future has always been about much more than just physical expansion. George Brown has changed considerably in recent decades, becoming a valued partner with the industries and communities it supports. As a result we are able to offer programs that are highly relevant, adaptable and responsive to industry change. Entire courses are developed in cooperation with employers in order to address specifi c industry needs. The College is also pioneering the fi eld of industry-focused applied research, an area with incredible potential for growth. In 2007-2008, George Brown continued to lay the groundwork for the future. Along with expanding its number of students work placements, the College continued to build its case for support among industry employers by hosting several high profi le guest speakers and industry events. New and innovative curricula has been implemented in several of George Brown’s schools, solidifying the College’s leadership position in key industry growth sectors such as health care and hospitality, as well as technology, construction and design. What is most remarkable about this moment in our history is not how far we’ve come, but how much further we will go in the foreseeable future. With a strong legacy to draw from and the help of our partners, the potential for the future – of Ontario, its industries and communities – is immense. Now is the time for the industry and business leaders who are eager for new possibilities to join us in embracing that future. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 5 A Bold Future Built on a Legacy of Achievement George Brown College is one of Canada’s largest and most highly respected colleges, serving a diverse and vibrant student body with a remarkably rich program mix of degrees, diplomas, certifi cates and apprenticeship training. The College currently has two main campuses in downtown Toronto – Casa Loma and St. James – and will soon be adding a third campus on the waterfront which will increase the College’s overall footprint in the city by 40 per cent. Since its founding four decades ago, the College has helped launch rewarding careers for thousands of people. Our student body – comprised of 20,200 full-time equivalent students, including 1,600 international students, and 60,000 continuing education registrants – is a true refl ection of our diverse and multicultural city. The College’s faculty and staff