College, we put our students to When Louis Busch graduated from high school he work, serving the communities surrounding our was content to make a life for himself as a forklift campuses through students in training. Whether operator. Yet, it didn’t take long for Louis to realize you’re looking for comprehensive business support he wanted to do more with his time at work. He through the Institute of Entrepreneurship and wanted to help people. He just wasn’t sure how. Community Innovation, a sumptuous dining experience at The Chefs’ House restaurant, access to Leveraging his undying curiosity about human reliable child care at George Brown College day care behaviour, Louis enrolled in the Behavioural centres across the city or the latest in orthotics from Science Technology (BST) program at George our interprofessional health clinic at the Casa Loma Brown College, which is unique in Ontario. Here campus, George Brown College provides the service. he learned the Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA) approach to studying human behaviour. By providing these services, students get fi rst-hand, real-life experience that is invaluable in securing Today, the forklift gears are a distant memory employment upon graduation. More importantly, to the 26-year-old who works as a behavioural they learn the crucial soft skills of communication, therapist with the Centre for Addiction and Mental teamwork and customer service that employers rank Health. At the CAMH, Louis works with patients as their top needs from post-secondary graduates. who have a development disability, such as autism, It’s our way of giving back to surrounding and a concurrent mental health issue, such as communities and inspiring our students to carry bipolar affective disorder. on the spirit of generosity as they rise to the top. His every day is new and offers him freedom and fl exibility. He credits the BST program with allowing him to fast-track his entry into behavioural science and achieve a career path that allows him to AN EMPLOYER’S PERSPECTIVE contribute to the welfare of others. SIMON SODHI Human Services Counsellor Supervisor, Residential Transitional Support Services, Griffi n Centre George Brown really looks at developing partnerships in the community, providing its students with opportunities to get on-the-job experience. Students come to us with a combination of practical plus theoretical experience, which is a huge bonus. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 18 | 19 Deborah Crane Brown to Green Career and Work Counsellor Program Being a committed community partner means Deborah Crane wanted to make some changes in not just doing what’s best for yourself, but for her life. After years of working in the renovation the greater community. That’s why George Brown industry, she was laid off. The single unemployed College takes great strides to reduce its impact on mom found herself living in a disadvantaged the environment and make the future cleaner and community in downtown Toronto with a teenage healthier for everyone. son she wanted to keep on the right path. As a signatory to the Association of Canadian Deborah knew she needed to change her own life Community College’s Sustainability Protocol; a in order to prevent her son from