number of awards, including the National Institute for Staff and Organizational Development’s Teaching Excellence Awards and the Ontario Dental Hygienists’ Association’s Distinguished Service Award. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 11 Building a Community of Shared Opportunity SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY At George Brown, no vision for the future is complete without inclusion of the communities it serves. Because the province’s future is dependent on the strength of not only its industries but also its communities, the aim of George Brown’s growth includes empowering those beyond its classrooms and campuses to positively shape their futures. The College’s grassroots approach to building communities for the future has been steadily expanding over the years. Already, our outreach programs have brought the previously unimaginable dream of postsecondary education to many faced with insurmountable barriers. Its leadership in offering programs integrating new Canadians is also serving immediate needs in our communities as well as the future needs for our province’s workforce. George Brown’s pending growth will only bring about additional opportunities to strengthen the community and to realize its goal of becoming a key resource for GTA community agencies. Every great change brings with it the chance to accomplish great things. George Brown is making the most of this opportunity. Among the highlights of its community accomplishments in 2007-2008: (cid:129) ASSISTING NEW CANADIANS. George Brown College played a lead role in successfully implementing the second phase of the Colleges Integrating Immigrants to Employment (CIITE) project, securing $5 million to develop and test selected immigrant focused services in the college system. The College received the Toronto Region Immigrant Employment Council’s (TRIEC) Infl uencer Award at the 2007 Immigrant Success Awards. (cid:129) SUPPORTING SUCCESS FROM THE START. The College completed a number of pilots under its Student Success strategies, providing critical supports aimed at ensuring a successful transition to postsecondary education for at-risk students. (cid:129) REACHING OUT FOR OPPORTUNITY. George Brown College’s community services programming and outreach projects continued to expand, gaining funding for 10 new research projects in 2007-2008. In addition, the College furthered access to postsecondary education by implementing two dual credits and fi ve articulation agreements with three GTA district school boards. (cid:129) BROADENING THE IMPACT OF STUDENTS. Students in George Brown’s chapter of Advancing Canadian Entrepreneurship (ACE) – a program that allows students to develop their entrepreneurship skills while solving real-life, community-based problems – continued to excel in their second year, earning national awards for Student Leader of the Year as well as Most Improved Team. (cid:129) UNITED WAY LEADER. For the second year running, George Brown College’s United Way campaign placed it as the United Way leader among all GTA colleges, earning the United Way Toronto’s Spirit Award for the generosity of its staff and faculty. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 13 Ensuring a Sustainable Future FINANCIAL ACCOUNTABILITY George Brown’s potential relies on maximizing the use of scarce resources – a necessity in order to meet our objectives and effectively serve all our stakeholders. In 2007-2008, George Brown College exceeded its overall enrolment targets and balanced its budget within the framework of a “balanced scorecard.” Among the highlights