The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology Financial Statements For the year ended March 31, 2017 The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology Table of Contents Management's Responsibility for Financial Reporting 2 Independent Auditor's Report 3 Financial Statements Statement of Financial Position 4 Statement of Operations 5 Statement of Changes in Net Assets 6 Statement of Cash Flows 7 Statement of Remeasurement Gains and Losses 8 Notes to Financial Statements 9 -32 Management's Responsibility for Financial Reporting The financial statements of the George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology (the "College") are the responsibility of management and have been approved by the Board of Governors. The financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with Canadian public sector accounting standards for government not-for-profit organizations, including the 4200 series of standards, as issued by the Public Sector Accounting Board (“PSAB for Government NPOs"). When alternative accounting methods exist, management has chosen those it deems most appropriate in the circumstances. Financial statements are not precise since they include certain amounts based on estimates and judgements. Management has determined such amounts on a reasonable basis in order to ensure that the financial statements are presented fairly, in all material respects. The College maintains systems of internal accounting and administrative controls of high quality, consistent with reasonable cost. Such systems are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial information is relevant, reliable and accurate and that the College's assets are appropriately accounted for and adequately safeguarded. The Board of Governors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibilities for financial reporting and is ultimately responsible for reviewing and approving the financial statements. The Board carries out this responsibility principally through its Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is appointed by the Board of Governors and meets regularly with management, as well as the external auditors, to discuss internal controls over the financial reporting process, auditing matters and financial reporting issues, to satisfy itself that each party is properly discharging its responsibilities, and to review the financial statements and the external auditor's report. The Committee reports its findings to the Board for consideration when approving the financial statements. The Committee also considers, for review and approval by the Board, the engagement or re-appointment of the external auditors. The financial statements have been audited by BDO Canada LLP, the external auditors in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, on behalf of the Board. BDO Canada LLP has full and free access to the Audit Committee. College President Vice President, Corporate Services June 7, 2017 Tel: 905270-7700 BDO CanadaLLP Fax: 905 270-7915 1 City Centre Drive, Suite 1700 Toll-free: 866 248 6660 Mississauga ON L5B 1M2 Canada www.bdo.ca Independent Auditor's Report To the Board of Governors of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology We have audited the accompanying financial statements of The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology, which comprise the statement of financial position as at March 31, 2017, and the statements of operations, changes in net assets, cash flows and remeasurement gains and losses