Annual Report 2017 – 18 Game Changers Watch our video at georgebrown.ca/gamechangers For 50 years, George Brown College has adapted to meet the evolving needs of students and employers, introducing new programs, partnerships and learning methods that support the economic engine of Ontario. As we enter our sixth decade, we’re preparing for the biggest shifts yet. Rapid technological advances are transforming every industry, from fashion to finance, construction to health. To thrive in a world of constant change, job seekers will need to be innovative, entrepreneurial and adaptable. So will Ontario’s colleges. At George Brown, we’re reimagining how and what we teach, incorporating new technologies and reworking our learning environments. You’ll see examples in this report, and many more will come in the months and years ahead as our new leadership team rolls out its strategic vision. At the heart of this transformation is the mandate that’s always guided us: preparing a remarkably diverse group of learners for job success. Together with our partners, we’re helping students build the skills they need to embrace change and to lead it themselves—in Toronto, across the province and around the world. Cover: As an international student from Mexico, Pamela Estrada is no stranger to Anne Sado Joe Zenobio change. A member of the first graduating class of our Acting for Media program, she President Chair, Board of Governors has learned to perform for online, game and interactive mediums, while building the George Brown College George Brown College adaptability and entrepreneurial mindset she’ll need to stand out from the crowd. 2 3 4 5 Jack Wiebe Graduate 2018, Game – Programming Vitruvian Sport Systems co-founders Matteo Masucci and Glen Rapoport want to revolutionize soccer training, Software Developer, and thanks to an applied research partnership with Vitruvian Sport Systems George Brown, they’re within striking distance of that goal. Developed with support from a team of faculty and student researchers, Zone360 is a digital training platform that brings the soccer pitch to players’ smartphones, using virtual reality to deliver immersive drills and plays. Working with George Brown has provided Masucci and Rapoport with crucial access to game development expertise, up-to-the- minute technology and funding from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, allowing them to develop a beta version of Zone360. At the same time, the partnership has created work-integrated learning and networking opportunities for our students. “We see this partnership as a pipeline for talent as we expand into a full-time development team,” says Rapoport. Researcher Jack Wiebe, a Game – Programming graduate, says working on the project has given him a broad range of experience, from building 3D environments to collaborating with artists. Best of all, his portfolio now includes a professional project that incorporates mobile technology, virtual reality and the artificial intelligence of IBM’s supercomputer, Watson. “That’s going to be hugely beneficial when I’m looking for jobs,” says Wiebe. 6 7 8 9 Trudi Kydd Graduate 2018, Practical Nursing Practical Nursing graduate Trudi Kydd knows that in her profession, adaptability is key. “As a nurse, you have to Graduate 2016, give quality care