courses 12,800 offered in eLearning formats Total number of ministry-funded courses offered in eLearning 160 formats Total number of ministry-funded programs offered in eLearning 10 formats Retention rates (Yr1 to Yr2) 69% Retention rates (Yr2 to Yr3) 74% Student satisfaction rate (overall) 73.9% Student satisfaction with knowledge and skills 84.8% Student satisfaction with learning experience 77.6% 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Increased faculty use of the learning management system 15% increase* Increased depth of faculty use of the learning management 20% increase* system *These are new metrics. Baselines will be established in 2017-18.  13 3.0 Access and Equity This section recognizes institutions for their efforts in improving postsecondary education equity and access. Institutions play an important role in providing equitable and inclusive environments that make it possible for students from diverse communities to thrive and succeed. Institutions will also be recognized for creating equitable access opportunities that can include multiple entrance pathways and flexible policies and programming, with the focus on students who, without interventions and support, would not otherwise participate in postsecondary education. Examples include outreach to marginalized youth, transition, bridging and access programs for adults with atypical education histories and who did not meet admissions requirements. 3.1 Institutional Approach to Improving Access and Equity George Brown College is deeply committed to expanding opportunities and improving education and employment outcomes for underrepresented groups, including Indigenous students, immigrants, older adult and non-direct learners, underprepared students, students with a history of mental health and/or addictions, students with disabilities and first-generation students (students who are the first in their family to attend college). George Brown has 2,748 students with disabilities, 5,508 first-generation students and 701 Indigenous students (this number is likely to be much higher, because many students choose not to self-identify). George Brown has strengths in preparatory and upgrading programs, American Sign Language, programming for students who are deaf and hard of hearing, and programming for newcomers, including bridging and language programs. The School of English as a Second Language, provides high-quality language training for international and immigrant students. Supporting a Diverse Population Through a comprehensive supported student experience — from entry advising to application, academic and personal supports, career advising and graduation — George Brown provides clear and expanding pathways for students to move from gateway programs into further postsecondary education or employment. It strives to meet the needs of all students, no matter where they start their academic journey. Student success is grounded in academic outcomes and in graduates’ ability to attain their goals and become productive members of the workforce and Canadian society. George Brown offers general education and liberal studies electives such as Introduction to Sexual Diversity Studies, Disability Discourse: The Experienced Life and Indigenous Studies to help all students gain some understanding of the experiences of marginalized people. George Brown College launched a Universal Design for Learning initiative in 2016 to ensure the intentional design of academic programs and services to address the growing diversity and complexity of student needs. Universal Design for Learning encourages George Brown to intentionally build flexibility, options and appropriate supports into institutional systems