the commitments in the Path to Leadership. They will act as guideposts to shape College plans in the years ahead. We have identified six priorities – three that will drive the change required and three that are supporting enablers. Drivers: 1) Prepare diverse learners for job success 2) Invest in the creation and stewardship of high value and high performing partnerships 3) Be an enabler of the Innovation Economy Supportive: 4) Build a sustainable financial and resource model 5) Leverage state-of-the-art technology 6) Build a high-performing organization George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - 2016 - 2017 Key Accomplishments Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success The College completed a successful CQAAP (accreditation) audit in early 2016-17. Accreditors deemed George Brown’s academic quality processes to be at a ‘mature’ stage and the college successfully met all six benchmarks for full accreditation. In follow-up, GBC developed a comprehensive Academic Quality Framework and plan for addressing key organizational areas in need of academic quality improvement, identified resources required for implementation, developed processes for regular and consistent reporting of milestones toward objectives, and trained project leads on reporting process. Significant continued progress was accomplished on the college-wide effort to improve student success and persistence. Over the past three years, the college has improved its first- to second-year retention rate by five percentage points, to 68.8%. The 2017 Key Performance Indicator survey of student satisfaction showed meaningful improvement, and continued a decade-long pattern of relative improvement by the College. Two of the highlights were a 4.1 point increase over the previous year in student satisfaction with facilities and resources, and a 3.4 point increase in student satisfaction with services. Overall, the College achieved the best KPI results since such surveying began. Consistent with the College’s Strategic Mandate Agreement, new degrees and diplomas in our areas of strength were developed, submitted to the Ministry for approval and in some cases launched. The College is growing its degree offerings, and as of March 2017, GBC has Ministerial consent to offer 7 degrees in Schools that include Financial Services, Hospitality, Construction Management, Early Childhood Education, Community Services, and Culinary. The College continues to grow the number of articulation pathways from diplomas to degrees. As well, the College developed graduate degree pathways such as a pathway from its Honours Bachelor of Commerce degree to an MBA with Switzerland’s International Management Institute, and the first pathway from a Graduate Certificate at the college to a Master’s degree, with an articulation from our Interdisciplinary Design Strategy program to an MA at the Dún Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design and Technology in Ireland. Work-integrated and experiential learning, including Field Education, is one of the imperatives in our Strategy 2020 (and reflected in our SMA), and the College continued to make strong progress. Our goal for the year was to broaden Field Education opportunities to 95% of qualifying programs (a three-point increase from the previous year’s goal), and George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - this goal was achieved. We are on track with the Strategy 2020 objective of offering a field education component in