literacy program for adults who are deaf and hard of hearing, now offers a free, deaf-friendly Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System course. The course is offered as a free, blended/flipped learning experience for deaf adults to take over five evenings. Learners participate in the online component, completing quizzes and the certification test, while being supported by deaf teachers who explain concepts more comprehensively in person. All content in the online course is written in plain English and has accompanying American Sign Language videos. Upon successful completion of the course, learners earn a Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System certificate, which can assist them in securing or maintaining employment.  16 3.3 Metrics and Expected Values 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Expected Value Number of students with disabilities enrolled 2,388 Proportion of students with disabilities enrolled 13.7% Overall student with disabilities satisfaction rates 71.1% Overall graduate satisfaction rates for students with disabilities 80% Employment rates for students with disabilities 76.84% Number of first-generation students enrolled 5,194 Proportion of first-generation students enrolled 30% Number of Indigenous students enrolled 675 Proportion of Indigenous students enrolled 3.9% Overall student satisfaction rates for Indigenous students 69.5% Overall graduate satisfaction rates for Indigenous students 79.5% Employment rates for Indigenous students 75.8% Number of French-language students enrolled 75 Proportion of French-language students enrolled 0.4% OSAP recipients as a proportion of all eligible students 71.7% Percentage of university graduates enrolled in college 21.2% programs Percentage of college graduates enrolled in university 2.41% programs 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Student satisfaction with disability services 70.7% Student satisfaction with accessibility of buildings, laboratories, 54.5% and classrooms  17 4.0 Applied Research Excellence and Impact This section captures institutional strengths in producing high-quality applied research that further raises Ontario’s profile as a globally recognized research and innovation hub. Applied research projects create or improve products, services and processes. College applied research gives industry firms access to the skills and competencies of faculty and students, facilities and equipment and markets and networks through the colleges’ connections to local business and communities. 4.1 Institutional Approach to Applied Research Excellence and Impact George Brown College is very active in applied research and was Canada’s top research college in 2015.2 Since the establishment of the Office of Research and Innovation in 2007, George Brown has been awarded over $66 million in research funds from federal and provincial granting agencies and other funders. Industry and community partners also make cash and in-kind contributions to all research collaborations. Major federal and provincial funders include the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC), the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, the Canadian Foundation for Innovation, the Federal Economic Development Agency of Southern Ontario, the National Research Council, the Ontario Centres of Excellence and the Ontario Ministry of Research, Innovation and Science. The Office of Research and Innovation engages industry, faculty, students, and the community through participation in educationally and economically meaningful research projects and partnerships. George Brown conducts collaborative applied research and experimental development with private- and public-sector partners. It believes that applied research is an excellent way for industry