The Ministry recognizes the importance of supporting institutions to evolve and acknowledges the strategic aspirations of its postsecondary education institutions; the SMA is not intended to capture all decisions and issues in the postsecondary education system, as many will be addressed through the Ministry's policies and standard processes. a) Capital Expansion The Ministry notes the College's plans for phase two ofthe Waterfront Campus Design Centre for the Smart Economy and ongoing development of student housing. Requests for capital project funding are outside the scope of the SMA process. However, future capital projects should be aligned with the College's areas of strength highlighted in its SMA. Decisions regarding approval and/or funding for capital projects will be made within the context of the Ministry's long-term capital planning process and the Major Capacity Expansion Policy Framework, released December 20th, 2013. b) Apprenticeship Delivery The Ministry acknowledges the College's proposal to implement new delivery models as part ofits commitment to apprenticeship and the skilled trades. The Ministry is currently undertaking efforts to modernize Ontario's apprenticeship administration and any decisions will be made within this context. 10 ENROLMENT GROWTH The strategic enrolment and planning exercise is in the context of a public commitment in the 2011 Budget to increase postsecondary education enrolment by 60,000 additional students over 2010-11 levels. This government has demonstrated a longstanding commitment to ensuring access to postsecondary education for all qualified students. George Brown College's planned enrolment forecast as expressed in this baseline eligible enrolment scenario is considered reasonable and in line with Ministry expectations, based on the current and projected demographic and fiscal environments. Baseline Projected Eligible Full-Time Headcounts level 2014-15 2015-16 2016-17 Certificate/Diploma 16,322 17,131 18,019 Degree 1,225 1,382 1,443 George Brown Total 17,547 18,459 19,462 FINANCIAL SUSTAINABILITY The Ministry and the College recognize that financial sustainability and accountability are critical to achieving institutional mandates and realizing Ontario's vision for the postsecondary education system. To this end, it is agreed that: • It is the responsibility ofthe governing board and Senior Administrators ofthe College to identify, track, and address financial pressures and sustainability issues. At the same time, the Ministry has a financial stewardship role. The Ministry and the College agree to work collaboratively to achieve the common goal of financial sustainability, and to ensure that Ontarians have access to a full range of affordable, high-quality postsecondary education options, now and in the future; and • The College remains accountable to the Ministry with respect to effective and efficient use of resources to maximize the value and impact of investments made in the postsecondary education system. The Ministry and the College agree to use the following metrics to assess the financial health and sustainability ofthe institution: 1. Annual Surplus/Deficit 2. Accumulated Surplus/Deficit 3. Net Assets to Expense Ratio 4. Debt Servicing Ratio 5. Quick Ratio 6. Debt to Asset Ratio 11 7. Net Income to Revenue Ratio MINISTRY/GOVERNMENT COMMITMENTS Over time, the Ministry commits to align many of its policy, process, and funding levers with the Differentiation Policy Framework and SMAs in order to support the strengths of institutions and implement