key pillars for achieving our aim to build a highly skilled workforce that can meet the labour market needs of Toronto and Ontario: 1. Prepare diverse learners for success. 2. Invest in high-performing partnerships. 3. Enable the innovation economy. 4. Build a sustainable business model.  3 5. Leverage state-of-the-art technology. 6. Build a high-performing organization. Strategy 2020 has been an extremely successful framework, guiding tremendous growth and expansion at George Brown. Since 2003, enrolment has doubled and demand from applicants continues to be strong. We have added over 600,000 square feet of academic space, opened our first student residence, and in 2019 we will open our newest academic building on the Toronto waterfront, home to a number of programs aimed at meeting the needs of the digital economy. George Brown understands employment, and we design all of our academic programming with that in mind— with the goal of getting people into the labour market and onto career paths. Through our program advisory committees and industry partners, in Toronto and around the world, we develop programs that provide industry with the talent they require to respond to emerging jobs in new sectors.  4 Aspirations The Ministry recognizes the importance of supporting institutions to evolve and acknowledges the strategic aspirations of its postsecondary education institutions. The SMA is not intended to capture all decisions and issues in the postsecondary education system, as many will be addressed through the Ministry’s policies and standard processes. The Ministry will not be approving any requests for capital funding or new program approvals, for example, through the SMA process. Institutional Aspirations Over the past decade, George Brown College has experienced tremendous enrolment and program growth and now serves a broad spectrum of the Ontario economy. It is woven into the social, economic and cultural fabric of Toronto, and its location in the downtown core attracts students from across the province and around the world. George Brown aspires to expand the breadth of credentials it offers, increase its learning space and be nimble in anticipating future learning needs. Offer a Range of Credentials1 As a founding member of Polytechnics Canada, George Brown College embraces the polytechnic model of education: programs that combine the practical approach of an applied education and the depth of study of a degree program. Hands-on, experiential learning opportunities are integral to the curriculum, providing students with practical training for in-demand jobs. Core to the polytechnic model is working with industry to solve applied research problems and identify commercialization opportunities while offering a range of credentials to prepare the workforce to meet industry needs. The high quality of the College’s George Brown’s programs has been recognized by institutions in other countries, including the Politecnico di Milano (Milan, Italy) and the Institute of Art, Design and Technology (Dún Laoghaire, Ireland). The partnership with the Institute of Art, Design and Technology offers students the opportunity to earn a Master of Arts degree with as little as four months’ additional study. The College aspires to offer a range of credentials to meet the needs of the sectors it