in live demonstrations. sized businesses with a cost-effective way to develop and commercialize new food products while gaining access to a talented pool of students and researchers. “T he experience and skill set I have attained at FIRSt will help me not only in the food industry, but in any sort of work I may take on after college.” leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p14 developing soft sKills While technical skills will always remain essential for career success, employers have told us they’re most interested in candidates with soft skills such as customer service, productivity and teamwork, as well as oral, written and cross-cultural communications. That’s why we’re making development of these skills a key part of every student’s learning experience at George Brown – in the classroom, on field placements, through co-curricular activities and throughout campus life. GTA employers are twice as likely to single out George Brown College graduates for their soft skills (the skills they value most) than any other college in the GTA. Source: Northstar Research, Employer Tracking Research, 2011 Graduate 2013, Business Administration with Co-op As a person who is Deaf, Annie Lau A talented volleyball player who represented sometimes finds it challenging to Canada at the Pan American Games for communicate with strangers. Some people the Deaf in Brazil, Annie has volunteered talk too fast for her to read their lips; others as a student ambassador at the fitness are rude or dismissive. But through her centre, completed her co-op placement in involvement with the college’s Athletics the Athletics department and held part- department, Annie has been able to practice time jobs managing the varsity men’s and working with members of the public, women’s volleyball teams, as well as playing building her self-confidence and customer on the women’s team herself. Building soft service skills in the process. skills is an integral part of every student’s experience at George Brown, and for Annie, the Athletics department has been the perfect place to do it. “I have become more confident and more outgoing.” leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p16 inspiring stUdent sUCCess At George Brown College, we proudly make learning our first priority, creating programs and experiences that lead to ongoing student success in the classroom and in the workplace. This is the academic vision that guides everything we do, from partnerships with industry to the integration of state-of-the-art technology on campus. keY PRIORITIeS OF OuR ACADeMIC PlAn FOR 2013-2016 Curriculum: We will advance program quality, currency and relevancy and expand pathways to further education, including degree completion, within the college and beyond. Learning experiences: We will innovate in teaching and learning by advancing experiential learning across the college and providing supports for students to increase retention and program completion. Culture: We will promote academic leadership and foster continuous professional development among faculty and staff. “l earning a trade will shape you and make you more of a complete person. If you work with your hands, you always work with your head too.” Frank Stronach Founder, Magna International We enGAGe InDuSTRY leADeRS