and the role they play in enhancing their own MARK SIMPSON, PROFESSOR AND COORDINATOR, communities in a holistic way. neighbourhoods through responsible practices. INSTITUTE OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND COMMUNITY INNOVATION Through our physical infrastructure projects we are As a learning community anchored in neighbourhoods beautifying Toronto’s streetscapes and revitalizing Toronto. across the city and in close dialogue with community groups Community Innovator And these efforts are part of a larger goal to introduce new and leaders, we are committed to playing a signifi cant role environmentally sound innovations and practices to urban in the reshaping of Toronto over the next decade and for When Mark Simpson left a successful career in the development. generations to come. corporate world to teach at George Brown College, he wanted to make a difference. Now he is teaching students to do the same. His fourth year fi eld-based consulting course, offered as an elective to senior-year students in the Centre for Business, sends teams of Business students “This type of applied learning allows students across Toronto to help socially conscious for-profi t and non-profi t organizations solve real world problems. Some of the projects have included providing budgetary solutions to see that the work they do in business does for a food co-operative that allowed for the hiring of more disabled workers at a higher wage, and helping the growth have a real role to play, not only in generating of a specialty food business through development of a new visual identity. The program is all about teaching revenue but also in building stronger and entrepreneurial principals and employing students to solve community problems so that everyone benefi ts – the students through hands-on learning, the organizations more resilient sustainable communities.” that receive their expertise and ultimately, society. – Mark Simpson “It’s all about giving students an experience they can’t get anywhere else,” he says. Gabrielle Guiducci ARCHITECTURAL TECHNICIAN, 2003 Green Renovator Arriving in Canada in 1998 with architectural credentials from his native Rome, Gabrielle Guiducci needed an entry point into the Canadian residential design industry. George Brown’s Architectural Technician program offered the right courses in a multidisciplinary environment that mirrored the real world. Carbon Cutting At the time, green technologies had not yet caught on in the Canadian home building market. A presentation Gabrielle As part of its Green Plan, the college is spending more than $1 George Brown’s Green Team has commissioned an prepared on green roofs while at George Brown piqued his million this year to reduce its eco footprint and has set ambitious environmental study by a sustainability consultant who is interest in sustainable practices. Now, as the owner of a goals for the next three years to become a more environmentally helping the college identify ways of reducing its environmental successful home renovation and design company, he integrates friendly organization – both inside and outside the classroom. footprint. This coming year, it will tackle other environmental all that he has learned through the College into his designs. initiatives, such as continuing to reduce paper consumption, He also takes any opportunity to educate