in Toronto’s technology sector adopt new approaches to designing and developing customer experiences, digital service design ecosystems, computing platforms and alternative user interfaces. George Brown College faculty and student expertise — in gaming and interactive digital media; interaction design and development; user experience and user interface design; usability testing and validation of technology; virtual effects; graphic design/branding; and information technology — will catalyze innovation in small and medium-sized enterprises. The Design Centre for the Smart Economy research vision aligns with key stages of the design process that are essential to fostering innovation and outputs that lead to successful commercialization. Product Development Exchange George Brown College’s Product Development Exchange enables small and medium-sized enterprises to develop fully validated prototypes, integrate product design and development into their business models and develop the partnerships they need to support full-scale manufacturing and commercialization. Supporting companies through this early stage in the manufacturing value chain will significantly increase the resulting products’ chances of marketplace success. The Product Development Exchange leverages its state-of-the-art equipment; multidisciplinary expertise in design (including human factors, user-centred and customer-focused design), fabrication (including advanced product design and development) and assessment (including usability, simulation and field assessments); business services oriented toward small and medium-sized enterprises (including business development and project management); extensive network; and track record of success to meet the demands of small- and medium-sized enterprises for early-stage product development. Fashion Exchange As one of the world’s top 50 fashion schools4, the George Brown College School of Fashion has successfully graduated fashion design and apparel manufacturing professionals for close to five decades. Due to industry demand for support in addressing challenges across the apparel design and manufacturing life cycle, applied research has become a strategic focus. Since 2009, the School of Fashion has secured over $1.1 million in external funding for 14 applied research projects in collaboration with the same number of industry stakeholders, while supporting 281 students in acquiring new skills and competencies. Projects have focused on overcoming the challenges of bringing new technologies to market while acquiring new skills in technical sampling, prototype development and small-batch manufacturing. Usability Lab The Usability Lab supports the testing of interfaces and devices to develop new design standards in alignment with user preferences, identify errors in design and improve the design of products, services, and systems for the fourth industrial revolution. Equipment includes a variety of tablets, smartphones and wearables (i.e., a device library) to enable testing across devices and operating systems. The lab includes an integrated behavioural observation suite (usability software and usability hardware) that includes eye-tracking systems and audio-video recording to capture, record and analyze user behaviour. Sustainability and the Built Environment George Brown’s research in sustainability and the built environment connects the Canadian construction sector to market-focused applied research that accelerates local, sustainable innovation. It helps local industry bring their ideas to market, giving Ontario’s small to medium-sized enterprises a way to test, prototype and 4 http://wardrobetrendsfashion.com/top-100-fashion-schools-world-2016-ranking/  20 commercialize a variety of green technology, including building automation and sustainable energy production. Applied research in this sector fast tracks the business life cycle,