to solve a problem. In recent years, field experience opportunities have expanded to include innovative new opportunities, including the formation of student companies. A recent capstone project in George Brown’s Game Design program involved 11 postgraduate students forming Biterblock, a video game company. As a team, the students designed the layout and game play of an entire game and hired nearly 80 undergraduate students who fulfilled their 120- hour field placement requirement and received academic credit for their work. Institute Without Boundaries In support of its field education goal, George Brown College has implemented a compressed and holistic form of experiential learning called a charrette, pioneered by its Institute Without Boundaries. A charrette is a collaborative learning and creation method that brings together full-time students, visiting students, faculty, industry experts and thought leaders to develop innovative solutions to complex local and global problems. The Institute Without Boundaries works closely with international partners to explore how design can address global challenges at the local level. It has partnered with schools, governments and the private sector in Canada, Costa Rica, Chile, Ireland, Italy, and the United States on projects integrated into program curricula. Interdisciplinary teams of students have used design strategy to develop a range of tangible solutions, from affordable and sustainable housing models to civic engagement in public service delivery, to regional development in rural areas.  10 Professional Development for Faculty George Brown College continues to support its faculty by providing high-quality in-class and online experiences, encouraged and promoted in a variety of ways. One of these initiatives is the recent establishment of the Teaching and Learning Exchange. To ensure that the Teaching and Learning Exchange has maximum impact, it has been created as a partnership among Organizational and Staff Development, the Office of Academic Excellence, e-Learning and Teaching, and Academic Learning Services. The goal of the Teaching and Learning Exchange is to better coordinate faculty access to services and resources by providing a central point of entry for all teaching development resources. George Brown has also introduced Engaging with e-Learning, a three-course program that provides support and training for faculty who are teaching or preparing to teach in online or hybrid environments. George Brown provides a comprehensive one-year training program for probationary faculty. The program promotes excellence in teaching and learning via a number of sessions, including a week-long new-faculty onboarding program, outcomes-based learning, professional portfolio development, learning squares, reflective practice papers, employee retreats and various topical workshops and sessions. George Brown College offers hybrid, blended, and online courses that make use of technology to facilitate better student-teacher and peer-to-peer engagement, along with dynamic group collaboration. It also incorporates the principles of Universal Design for Learning into its teaching methodologies and provides a supportive learning environment with individualized advising and coaching for students in many of its program areas. Looking Forward Field Education The College is moving into the second phase of its commitment to field education as it seeks to increase the number of students graduating with field placement experience; expand the range of field education options to include international