with students to resolve issues in a timely and personalized manner. Indicators of our success include (from I-Grad student survey scores for 2017): • Employability: 83.1% (up from 79.8%) • Careers Advice: 77.2% (up from 75.8%) Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships The College made investments to build capacity and align activity College-wide with the creation of a Director, Partnerships office in early 2018. New Academic partnerships were developed across four Centres. The Centre for Business partnered with Ceridian to support the teaching of HRIS, as well as with the Project Management Institute in support of Project Management programs. We saw great growth in the Wine/Beer/Spirits industry through partnerships with Mission Hill, Napa Valley, Gallo Family and others. Community Services and Health Sciences built new partnerships with York Catholic School Board, Canadian DeafBlind Association and the Rekai Centres. Research and Innovation facilitated the development of 182 applied research partnerships in 2017-18, one highlight of which was the Food Innovation and Research Studio helping public sector organizations create innovative solutions to improve the health of Canadians. Partners in this initiative included Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, EatRight Ontario and the Helderleigh Foundation. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy The College launched a 2-year Product Development Exchange, supporting development for the manufacturing sector from concept to prototype creation, greatly decreasing time to market. The Fashion Exchange (FX) received $2.5m for new state of the art infrastructure. The FX Leading through Innovation in Fashion Technologies (LIFT) program will enable Canadian apparel businesses to overcome technical, systemic, design and manufacturing challenges at all stages of product lifecycle. Through participation, students will gain skills in new technologies, lean manufacturing, team building, collaboration and sustainability practices. The Mass Timber Institute is a public-private collaboration focused on research and development of mass timber products, including tall wood buildings. The partnership is led by George Brown and University of Toronto, partnered with Lakehead University, Laurentian and the University of Ottawa. GBC was named #1 Research College in Canada, as ranked by RESEARCH Infosource Inc. Among many achievements, there were three social innovation projects funded through our Research area were: Transformative Learning for Social Change in Community-Based Settings to develop models of education to empower marginalized populations; Human Trafficking: Elevating Capacity in Child and Youth Care Practice, to develop a framework for practitioners working with youth impacted by exploitation; and the completion of data provision and analysis for the Toronto Foundation’s 2018 Toronto’s Vital Signs Report. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Full-Time post-secondary enrolment levels The College exceeded all operating budget targets for the year and delivered an operating surplus that will be used to fund high-priority capital projects. The College met all of the Ministry’s Financial Health indicators, improving 6 of the 7 benchmarks. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - 17-18 Operating Revenue by Source 17-18 Operating Expenditures $377 million $353 million Grants and reimbursements 140 Salaries & Benefits 215 Student Fees 182 Supplies & Other Expenses 78 Ancillary 31 Plant, Property and