job as Technology Cabinet a construction labourer. Little did he know, this experience Scholarship; General would inspire a fulfilling new career path. Contractors’ Section Toronto Applied Research Scholarship; Student Bassah spent the next several years developing journeyman skills Association Construction in three trades, ultimately becoming a foreman for a drywall & Engineering Third and company. But, as he explains, “I wanted something more. I knew Fourth Year Student I had the capacity to grow into a more complex management Scholarship position.” This desire for growth led him to George Brown’s Honours Bachelor of Technology (Construction Management), a degree program that prepares graduates with the technical and managerial competencies to lead change in the industry— from incorporating sustainability practices to applying innovative technologies such as Building Information Modeling. Returning to school full-time has been financially challenging for Bassah, now a husband and father of two, but the student awards he’s received through the George Brown College Foundation and support from the Ontario Student Assistance Program have allowed him to focus on his studies. Now he’s graduating with a consulting job lined up and the skills to keep Canada’s construction industry competitive, successful and sustainable. 14 15 Growing with our city Programs that work Architectural renderings Throughout our history, George Brown has been woven We’re continually updating our program mix to meet the needs of into the fabric of Toronto. We’re passionate about the role Ontario’s economy. Our programs are developed in collaboration of The Arbour we play in supporting our city—not only by preparing the with industry and community partners, ensuring that students build highly skilled workers our economy needs, but by helping the skills they need to thrive in the rapidly changing labour market. our neighbourhoods thrive and grow. With the launch of our Waterfront Campus in 2012 and The George student New programs launched • Sustainable Fashion residence in 2016, we brought an infusion of student in 2017 – 18 Production (one-year graduate energy to new communities in East Bayfront and Corktown. certificate) prepares students to • Apparel Technical Design (one- manage the production of small In early 2019, we’ll grow again with the launch of Daniels year graduate certificate) provides batch apparel products using Waterfront – City of the Arts, providing our School of students with the skills to translate sustainable product development Design students, staff and industry partners with more garment designs into technical and manufacturing practices. than 100,000 square feet of learning and collaboration space. specifications for manufacturing. • Video Design and Production • Honours Bachelor of Commerce We’re also embarking on our most ambitious project yet: The (two-year diploma) merges (Culinary Management) Arbour, Ontario’s first tall-wood, low-carbon, net-zero energy traditional filmmaking techniques (four-year honours degree) prepares building. As the site of the Mass Timber Institute, The Arbour will with new mediums, preparing video graduates for kitchen, operations allow students and researchers to generate innovative ideas and designers to work in film, television management or food management research in low-carbon, mass-timber construction. Designed by and interactive storytelling. positions in the ever-changing food award-winning firms Moriyama & Teshima Architects