restaurant obstacle. It sees the province match every dollar and be served by our Hospitality students. collected by George Brown College in endowments Businesses in the GTA support us because they from generous Canadians who have lent their know we produce quality graduates who contribute fi nancial support to ensure that post-secondary to the growth and stability of their operations education is accessible to more and more people and who know how to effectively communicate, every year. We use the annual interest we receive work collaboratively and provide superior from these endowments to distribute bursaries, customer service. scholarships and entrance awards to the students who need it the most. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 24 | 25 HOWARD COHEN President, Context Development Inc. The future of Toronto is based on how we integrate our immigrants and George Brown College is the institution that is most likely to be of specifi c assistance to the city of Toronto to get those immigrants ready for work. RAHUL BHARDWAJ President and CEO, Toronto Community Foundation and member of The George Brown College Board of Governors Donor Profi le Grow with Us Context Development Inc. George Brown College is a post-secondary Context Development creates innovative residential institution that is constantly evolving, and currently condominiums primarily in Toronto’s downtown. on the cusp of a major transformation. We are The leaders of Context Development know undertaking the largest expansion in the history of education is a critical aspect of ensuring Toronto’s the College, an effort that will allow us to become economy remains strong, and believe George Brown the leading post-secondary institution for applied College equips graduates with the practical and learning and ensure the needs of the city’s technical skills that are imperative to today’s employers are met. Though this unprecedented employers. That’s why Context is one of the biggest expansion is being supported in part by government contributors to the annual endowments of George funding, we encourage private donors to invest in us Brown College. Through their contributions, as we move into a new era of education that will students who are struggling fi nancially can gain include the opening of the waterfront campus, the access to the fi nancial resources, such as bursaries introduction of inter-professional learning across and scholarships, which allow them to receive a the College and the bolstering of funds available to post-secondary education they might otherwise students who need fi nancial assistance. have never attained. In addition, Context provides Through this endeavour, we will open the doors George Brown College students who live in Toronto ever-wider to students by offering them superior Community Housing developments the opportunity facilities and an opportunity to experience applied to serve as fi eld placements at Context. It’s a learning in a collaborative and inter-professional partnership that makes the impossible possible manner regardless of their socioeconomic for many every year. background. Join us as we help thousands of students take a giant leap in the right direction. George Brown College has much to offer to corporations, because they can see the connection between their workforce and the College’s