growth1. should have had all the education he needed to land At George Brown College, helping immigrants a top-rated job in Toronto’s IT sector. Armed with integrate into Canadian society, fi nd meaningful an English-based education in his native Punjab, and gainful employment, and reduce the city’s skills India, an electronics engineering degree and work shortage is of paramount importance. Immigrants experience with IT giant Hewlett Packard, Robin was make up 27 per cent of our student body, much well prepared for a thriving IT career. higher than the provincial average of 17 per cent2. Yet he knew that he would only be able to To accommodate the needs of this growing impress his prospective employers with Canadian population, we have developed bridging experience. That’s when he began searching for programs—Construction Management, Research the most effective educational avenue to help him Commercialization and Innovation, Career and Work reach his goals. He enrolled in the post-graduate Counsellor and College Teacher Training—to help Wireless Technology program at George Brown internationally educated professionals already skilled College because it offered project-based, team- in these areas make use of their education and work oriented, workplace-simulated learning, such as experience to enter into rewarding fi elds in Canada. troubleshooting complex network issues and a George Brown College is also a key stakeholder in co-op placement at Motorola. The experience the Colleges Integrating Immigrants To Employment helped boost his resume and open new doors to (CIITE) project, creating systemic change across the a highly competitive industry. college system in Ontario to standardize and Today, Robin serves as an IT professional, doing improve some of the most common challenges precisely the work he loves and was trained faced by immigrants. to do, and lives happily in Toronto’s east-end We also participate in other government-funded Beach community. initiatives such as the Canadian Immigration Integration Project (CIIP) and the Occupation- Specifi c Language Training (OSLT) program. As the CIIP Focal Point Partner for Education in Ontario, we help professionals in the fi nal stages of immigration who are still in their home country by connecting them to a network of local knowledge. Through OSLT, we help newcomers learn the technical terminology and socio-cultural knowledge they need to communicate effectively 1 Statscan/TD Economics, 2008 2 Colleges Ontario within the context of their industry of choice. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 12 | 13 Julia Phelan AN EMPLOYER’S PERSPECTIVE CLAIRE MALLETTE RN, PhD, Director of Nursing Education Placement & Development, University Health Network We really value George Brown students in our organization. They are very well prepared. They are ready to care for our patients, and they have that enthusiasm - that inquisitiveness to learn. We try to hire George Brown grads as they graduate, and then watch their transition into the professional socialization of nursing. Drew Ferraro Shining Metal Moments Dental Technology, 2000 Shayne Claringbold and Eric Ganton are proof that Drew was already a student in the Dental Technology it’s possible to mould and shape a mind. The two program at George Brown College when his father George Brown College students recently brought passed