who were working that day. was invaluable to me as a professional actor,” he says. Preparing a Changing Workforce The career path of the employee is changing, and in the Mature and Second Career Students coming years, employment of workers from non-traditional George Brown also caters to the unique needs of students backgrounds will be essential to our economic prosperity. seeking to make a career change mid-life and those who require Looming labour shortages in Ontario’s workforce requires an re-training. In fact our largest growing student population ever-increasing pool of skilled professionals who can adapt doesn’t come to us from High School. Since Fall 2005, we have to change and follow a path of lifelong learning in order to seen a 28 per cent increase in applicants coming to us indirectly. adapt to a constantly evolving economy. This group now represents 60 per cent of registered students at the College2. In addition, this year the College enrolled more New Canadians than 100 students through the Ontario government’s Second One of the keys to the province’s future prosperity will be its Career program, which provides funded retraining to laid off ability to capitalize on the increasingly multicultural nature of professionals in hard-hit sectors of the Ontario economy. the population. Half of Toronto was born in a country other than George Brown College also continues to lead all other GTA Canada. And with immigration trends continuing to grow, new colleges in offering Continuing Education for professionals at Canadians are expected to account for 100 per cent of labour all levels of their career, including those in transition. Our Clayton Wozney force growth by 20111. enrolments include 65,000 continuing education registrants, of which 7,000 are distance learners. George Brown College is committed to building bridges to MECHANICAL ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY- employment through English as a Second Language (ESL) DESIGN, TOOL AND DIE, 2009 Marginalized Youth programs, academic upgrading and other support systems that make college training programs a possibility. The College For marginalized and at-risk youth, George Brown has New Frontiers is also focused on making post-secondary education a reality continued to initiate new partnerships with community agencies for students who are the fi rst in their families to attend a and organizations throughout the GTA, resulting in more At the age of 42, Clayton Wozney started asking post-secondary school. This year, George Brown continued bridges to employment, and as a result, renewed hope and the himself: “What do I want to do when I grow up?” to expand its First Generation Project, with more than 1,600 creation of healthier communities. Since 2005, the College has After 17 years as a software developer, he wanted students benefi ting from its initiatives. built 65 partnerships with community agencies. The number a new career direction. After an extensive search, of projects and the rate of participation as a result of these Clayton selected the Mechanical Engineering partnerships have increased at a rate of 50 per cent in one year. Technology- Design program at George Brown College. This year he graduated as a Dean’s List Award winner with two