George Brown College – he found a diffi cult to translate his naval credentials to the job age of 15 to attend high school, and then attended new life. The Guyanese-Canadian immigrant grew up market. Taran decided to follow a long-held interest university to study accounting before settling down to in Toronto’s Regent Park and for a while seemed in fi nancial planning, entering into George Brown start a family. Almost 20 years later, with two grown destined for something other than a steady well- College’s Bachelor of Applied Business degree in children and an ailing father, she realized that if she paying job. Then he heard about the college’s Financial Planning. The program, which includes were to die tomorrow her one regret would be never pre-apprenticeship program, which offered free job preparation for the Certifi ed Financial Planners exam, having studied her passion for design. In 2008, she skills training and preparation for work in the trades. was exactly what he needed to make this career shift enrolled in George Brown’s Fashion Techniques and It has been three years since he graduated. Devon happen. An internship as a bank teller during his Design program, quickly immersing herself in her credits the program for giving him a foot in the door program enabled him to secure a similar position with courses with passion and dedication, often working in the construction industry and the ability to care for TD Bank the following year, leading to a promotion to 16-hour days, and serving as a role model for her his family. He hopes to continue with his studies in Financial Services Representative and, shortly after classmates. In April of 2009, she graduated at the top construction so he can learn and earn more. In a graduation, Financial Advisor. These days, instead of of her class and began an internship at Roots Canada. remarkable twist, Devon now works for Daniels seas, Taran helps people navigate their fi nancial future She credits George Brown faculty and fellow students Corporation helping reconstruct the new Regent Park and loves the challenges each new client brings. for empowering her to make it happen. housing development, a project with signifi cant “My George Brown education helped me move up at “Without my teachers and all of the support I received, personal meaning for him. TD very quickly, much faster than I would have without from language courses to help me present my design “The program made me want to go further. Now it,” he says. “It was the right choice for me.” ideas to their continual encouragement and attention, I’m going to get my full education so that I can learn I could not have done this. I want to thank them.” how to bring down a building and how to put up a building,” he says. The Vision, Mission and Values of George Brown College The Path to Leadership Inspired by a commitment to achievement CORE VALUES through excellence in teaching and applied LEARNING COMMUNITY learning, we will set the benchmark to which all colleges will aspire and be