producing graduates with the necessary competencies to succeed in the global workplace. Its ongoing commitment to fostering global competencies includes developing international academic and industry partnerships that provide inbound and outbound articulation pathways, field placements and study-abroad opportunities; faculty exchanges; a scholarship fund; and the fusion of global perspectives into curricula. George Brown also ensures that its 4,200 international students have support so that they are fully integrated into the college and the community. In May 2017, George Brown received a Gold Internationalization Award of Excellence in recognition of its projects, pathways, programs and supports for its international students. George Brown’s international vision statement has guided international strategy development for the past 10 years: “George Brown College is the leader among Canadian colleges in the provision of a life-changing, internationalized education. George Brown enjoys an international reputation for producing graduates who are globally aware, multiculturally savvy and workplace-ready. Canadian and international George Brown graduates are valued by employers around the world.”  28 Risk Management Risks Risk Mitigation Strategy Market demand volatility Diversification of markets Regular portfolio review Currency volatility Competitive tuition pricing allows for absorption of currency fluctuations to some extent Immigration rule changes Five staff in the International Centre have undergone training, qualified for and registered as Regulated International Student Immigration Advisers and are able to provide immigration advising to students Communicate changes effectively to students, agents and partners Global health alerts Network with other colleges for early alerts and remedies Close connection and advice from occupational health and safety Close communication with students, applicants and agents Application processing Re-engineered processes in harmony with the Ontario Application Service challenges Contingency plans built with Information Technology Service Close communication links with applicants directly and through agents Increasing expectations of Improved student engagement programs students Targeted student support events and programs International student Closer engagement with applicants through in-country representatives preparedness Closer communication program with applicants Delivery of pre-departure preparation orientation International student success Refining roles and responsibilities for student support with the academic divisions Student and faculty safety Rigorous contract management with academic and industry partners abroad Leverage in-country representatives to provide local support Talent retention Enriched job descriptions and clearly articulated career trajectories Improvement in physical working conditions  29 6.4 Strategic Areas of Program Strength and Expansion Program Areas of Strength 1. Access and immigrant education 2. Business management 3. Business marketing 4. Community health 5. Construction 6. Culinary and hospitality 7. Dental health 8. Design 9. Early childhood education 10. Information and communication technology Program Areas of Expansion 1. Digital economy 2. Health and social outcomes 3. Business and management 4. Infrastructure renewal and sustainability 6.5 Apprenticeship George Brown College is known and respected in the construction sector and it aspires to be the major trainer for a broad range of apprenticeships. One example of our deep connection to the construction industry is our degree program in Construction Management. This degree was the first of its kind in Ontario and developed at the request of and with support from, the Toronto Construction Association. The GTA construction boom has