5500 YYEEAARRSS IINN TTHHEE MMAAKKIINNGG GEORGE BROWN Leading by example: George Brown named a top Toronto employer George Brown has once again been recognized as one of From runaway slaves Greater Toronto’s Top Employers – our sixth time receiving to urban entrepreneurs: COLLEGE this designation. In-house professional development Honouring the Blackburns opportunities, tuition subsidies, a strong parental leave Our new Lucie and Thornton Blackburn program and a demonstrated respect for work-life balance Conference Centre honours the legacy earned George Brown a place on the list for 2017. of two runaway slaves who established Toronto’s first cab company, helped found Little Trinity Anglican Church and worked on anti-slavery initiatives alongside our George Brown College namesake, journalist and politician George Anchoring the City of the Arts with is built into Toronto’s Brown. Their story is told by a student- Design School expansion created mural inside the conference centre. foundation –and for In January, we announced that our Waterfront Campus will soon be expanding as part of Daniels Waterfront – City of the past 50 years, the Arts. This 103,000-square-foot facility, slated to open we’ve been evolving in 2018, will house part of our School of Design, including Fashioning opportunity in Regent Park the Institute without Boundaries, our globally recognized along with our city. think tank, and the new Innovation Exchange, a research, Launched in March, the Fashion Exchange trains innovation and training centre focused on design solutions immigrants and at-risk youth in Toronto’s Regent Park Symbolic of our entrepreneurial and community for entry-level positions in the apparel for the smart economy. community spirit over these decades, one industry. A collaborative hub for educators, industry and community, it offers hands-on production experience of our earliest expansion projects (seen to George Brown fashion students, while providing on the front cover) was the conversion of manufacturing services to emerging designers. a historic Christie cookie factory on King Street East to become our main St. James Campus building. Today, three campuses, multiple satellite locations and a student residence anchor diverse communities across Toronto, from YouTube sets up studios Living and learning at The George the Annex to Regent Park, Corktown to Our Centre for Arts, Design and Information Welcoming the Prime Minister the Waterfront. Our initial population Technology received a vote of confidence The George, an ultramodern student residence in Toronto’s Our students gave Prime Minister Justin from one of the world’s most influential Corktown neighbourhood, opened its doors in September. of 2,000 students has grown to more than Trudeau a first-hand look at the latest media platforms when Google selected our Originally home to American athletes during the 2015 Pan 29,000. And the role we play in the social, construction technologies and practices St. James Campus as the home of Canada’s Am and Parapan Am Games, the residence anchors a new when he visited our Casa Loma Campus. cultural and economic health of our city first YouTube Creator Space. Our students mixed-use community focused on health and wellness. The Prime Minister toured the carpentry and our province has never been greater. designed YouTube’s lobby and workshop areas,