as part of your participation in the student access Institutional bursaries through the tuition set aside fund are guarantee. included in our general information on Financial Assistance in our Identify any applicable deadlines. George Brown College Website at http://www.georgebrown.ca/financialaid/02assist.aspx. This web site is currently being updated to include the Student Access Guarantee and will link to the Ministry’s Access window. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability We consider unmet need for all bursary applicants, with a deadline of 30 days before the end of each student’s academic year. When we invite the high need applicants to apply, we request that they do so before the end of February. Identify whether your institution plans to provide loan assistance in We provide only bursary assistance. values greater than $1,000 to meet tuition/book shortfalls of students in any of your High-Demand (formerly fee-deregulated) college post-diploma Programs. If so: (a) identify the programs by name and by OSAP cost code; (b) describe how you determine how much loan aid to provide. Describe other financial support programs and strategies that your Our general bursaries address all of these issues. If students have institution will use to assist college students facing financial previously received a bursary and require further assistance, they barriers to access, including identification of programs that provide are asked to speak to one of our consultants, the Senior Manager case-by-case flexibility to respond to emergency situations that of Financial Assistance or the Manager of Awards and arise for students. Scholarships who review the individual circumstances. Other support programs are: Work Study, Private Bursary, First Generation Bursary etc. The majority of the scholarships, awards, and bursaries issued by George Brown College have a financial need component to the award criteria. We also recently expanded our Entrance Awards program to promote access for students in financial need. Briefly describe your review process for students who dispute the See above. Students can always access our staff to explain their amount of institutional student financial assistance that is provided needs in detail so we can provide personalized service. Once they as part of the Student Access Guarantee. are accepted, we do everything possible to retain students. Students are denied further assistance only in circumstances where the student is responsible for lack of funds due to overspending or irresponsible use of previous funding. B. QUALITY Quality of the Learning Environment Instructions: Referring to your approved MYAA Action Plan, list: each quality improvement strategy/program planned for the fiscal year being reported; whether the strategy/program was executed; the result achieved; any variance from the targeted result; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. Target Explain Variance between Implemented? Achieved? Achieved and Actual Quality Expected Results and Any Strategy/Program/ Yes No Achieved Yes No Remedial Action Indicator Result You Expect to Take Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: January 07, 2009 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and