strives to meet the needs of all students, no matter where they start their academic journey. Student success is grounded in academic outcomes and in graduates’ ability to attain their goals and become productive members of the workforce and Canadian society. George Brown offers general education and liberal studies electives such as Introduction to Sexual Diversity Studies, Disability Discourse: The Experienced Life and Indigenous Studies to help all students gain some understanding of the experiences of marginalized people. George Brown College launched a Universal Design for Learning initiative in 2016 to ensure the intentional design of academic programs and services to address the growing diversity and complexity of student needs. Universal Design for Learning encourages George Brown to intentionally build flexibility, options and appropriate supports into institutional systems so that all students can demonstrate achievement of the required curriculum learning outcomes while becoming “motivated, resourceful, and strategic” expert learners (CAST.org). During the past year, George Brown has developed a review of student-facing and faculty-facing academic services using a Universal Design for Learning lens to assess barriers and identify opportunities to increase access, engagement, and inclusion. The base report from this pilot project will inform quality improvements.  14 George Brown has also carried out a baseline Universal Design for Learning analysis of recent academic programs to assess how well programs are providing flexibility, variety, and choice in the ways students engage with a course, receive information, and express what they know and learn. Supporting Indigenous Students George Brown offers a number of Indigenous Studies courses and is developing more in collaboration with Indigenous faculty. Indigenous students are supported by an Elder in Residence, designated student centres on campus, Indigenous counsellors and staff, tutoring, over $50,000 in awards and bursaries and cultural events such as the annual Pow Wow, monthly 13 Moons teachings, and Ojibwe language classes. As part of its strategy to attract Indigenous students and support their success, George Brown has maintained a long-standing partnership with Confederation College. This relationship includes mutual sharing of course descriptions, curricula and resources, as well as consultation on program development and field education. The two colleges have collaborated in developing and delivering postsecondary programming and have worked together to support community-based education with an Indigenous non-governmental organization. The two colleges made a joint presentation at the Indigenous education conference hosted by Colleges and Institutes Canada in 2016. This partnership is also a key component of George Brown’s strategic response to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission recommendations. George Brown College has a strong partnership with Miziwe Biik Aboriginal Employment and Training. It delivers introductory courses at Miziwe Biik to provide pathways for community members to enrol in its programs. George Brown College is deeply engaged in its work with Miziwe Biik and a memorandum of understanding is currently in development to outline its continuing commitment to creating and delivering curricula. In addition, George Brown’s Institute Without Boundaries will continue to act as Miziwe Biik’s advocate planner for the Aboriginal Hub redevelopment in downtown Toronto. 3.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Augmented Education Developed in collaboration with the