with disabilities guided by the principles of dignity, independence and integration of equality. The college provides alternative methods of communication and technology upon request as promptly as feasible. 6.2 TELEPHONE SERVICES George Brown College is committed to providing fully accessible telephone service to our customers. We will train staff to communicate with customers over the telephone in clear and plain language and to speak clearly and slowly. When telephone communication is not suitable to communication needs or is not available, we offer to communicate with customers by email, TTY, Textnet (online TTY), Video Relay Service (VRS), or Bell Relay Service. 6.3 ASSISTIVE DEVICES The college community is committed to serving people with disabilities who use assistive devices to obtain, use or benefit from our goods and services. We will ensure our staff is trained and familiar with various assistive devices that may be used by customers with disabilities while accessing our goods or services. We also ensure that staff know how to use the following assistive devices available on our premise, as applicable: UbiDuo, Generic FM units, Kurzweil, Dragon Naturally Speaking and any other devices that may become available. The college is committed to purchasing additional technology as required to ensure accessibility in accordance with the AODA and all associated regulations. 6.4 BILLING We are committed to providing accessible invoices to all of our customers and will make every effort to provide alternative formats of invoices in a timely manner upon request. 6.5 RELATED POLICIES • The college’s Accessible Learning Services Policy ensures that students with disabilities are able to access academic accommodations as required. This policy ensures access to these services is provided under the guiding principles of dignity, independence, and integration of equality of opportunity.  The Captioned Media & e-Text Policy ensures that all media resources purchased and used in the College are captioned or captionable and that all textbooks used for instructional purposes must be available in an e-text format. The College is committed to ensuring all instructional, information, marketing and promotional audiovisual materials produced by the College are produced with captions on the master tape to ensure all subsequent copies will be captioned. Divisions are responsible for allocating a budget for making resources accessible, such as captioning audio-visual media. In order to assist faculty and divisional representatives with ensuring accessibility in the classroom please contact the college’s Accessible Media Coordinator for support. • George Brown College’s Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures outlines emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the College community. It documents the process and procedures that the college has implemented to ensure the provision of individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability and who have made a request of their need for accommodation due to the disability.  As mandated by the Ontario government, accessibility criteria and features must be incorporated into all purchasing practices. It is the responsibility of each employee purchasing a good, service or facility to consider and apply the appropriate accessibility criteria to their purchasing decisions. If it is not practicable to incorporate accessibility criteria or