Green Plan, the college is spending more than $1 George Brown’s Green Team has commissioned an prepared on green roofs while at George Brown piqued his million this year to reduce its eco footprint and has set ambitious environmental study by a sustainability consultant who is interest in sustainable practices. Now, as the owner of a goals for the next three years to become a more environmentally helping the college identify ways of reducing its environmental successful home renovation and design company, he integrates friendly organization – both inside and outside the classroom. footprint. This coming year, it will tackle other environmental all that he has learned through the College into his designs. initiatives, such as continuing to reduce paper consumption, He also takes any opportunity to educate others about the By the 2010/11 the College will become more energy effi cient and implement greener food services and catering, and benefi ts of making green choices. as a result reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 15 per cent – or development of product-specifi c green initiatives. the equivalent of about 1,000 tonnes of carbon. During the same “By addressing small environmental technologies you can do a period the College has a goal to increase the amount it recycles And this past year an academic subcommittee was created to lot to help the environment,” he says. “It makes you feel good by 15 per cent. begin the process of setting green curriculum standards and and it is good for the world.” providing resources for faculty members to raise awareness Most of the College’s anticipated gains in reducing energy As part of its strategic direction, the Centre for Construction about the environmental impacts of college programs. Also, in consumption will come from energy retrofi tting – replacing aging, and Engineering Technologies has begun to incorporate the works are new general education courses on environmental ineffi cient heating and cooling systems There is also a sizable environmental and sustainability theory and practice into all sustainability and others that provide students with a global fund available for staff and students who have ideas for greening of its programs and operations. The teaching of sustainable perspective on environmental issues and the role they play in the College. design and green building practices is a key priority for the keeping the planet healthy. Centre and for employers. Streetfront Style Gina Faubert FITNESS AND LIFESTYLE MANAGEMENT, 1998 In May of 2009, the college and its architectural fi rms character-rich building – also home to Continuing responsible for the expansion of the Centre for Hospitality Education programs – is being used to advance real time & Culinary Arts and its student-run restaurant, The Chefs’ learning, George Brown Chef School’s distinct philosophy Strength Training House received the 2009 Ontario Association of Architects of challenging students by placing them front and centre, Physical vitality and wellness are key ingredients in building Design (OAAD) Excellence Award. The George Brown serving the public. healthy communities. Gina Faubert, a graduate of the Fitness project was among 14 diverse and innovative buildings George Brown wanted to convey