Elevating Capacity in Child and Youth Care Practice, to develop a framework for practitioners working with youth impacted by exploitation; and the completion of data provision and analysis for the Toronto Foundation’s 2018 Toronto’s Vital Signs Report. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Full-Time post-secondary enrolment levels The College exceeded all operating budget targets for the year and delivered an operating surplus that will be used to fund high-priority capital projects. The College met all of the Ministry’s Financial Health indicators, improving 6 of the 7 benchmarks. George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - 17-18 Operating Revenue by Source 17-18 Operating Expenditures $377 million $353 million Grants and reimbursements 140 Salaries & Benefits 215 Student Fees 182 Supplies & Other Expenses 78 Ancillary 31 Plant, Property and Capital 52 Other 24 Scholarships & Bursaries 8 Total 377 Total 353 The George Brown College Foundation transferred nearly $2m to the College in 2017-18. The Foundation added $3.1m to Success at Work Cumulative Fund and is at 65% of the $60m Success at Work Campaign. The 50th Anniversary Campaign surpassed its target of $1m, finishing at $2.1m. Also in 2017-18, the College received over $8M in applied research awards, and industry invested 51% more funds in applied research than the previous year. The College’s Community Partnerships Office secured $3.1M in funding from Ministry and private sector funders. The College achieved three significant facilities planning development milestones to advance student experience, capacity, environment and fiscal goals. After an extensive Design competition for The Arbour, the first Tall Wood building of its kind in Ontario, a team was selected to commence the site plan submission. The first full business cycle of The George Student Residence was completed, with better than projected summer conference/hotel business, that will enhance the financial sustainably of residence operations. The College took possession of the new facilities within the Daniel’s development at the Waterfront and hired contractors to commence refitting to relocate students of the School of Design in January 2019. Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology The College continued to implement computer systems and networking upgrades to support the growing technology needs of students in education delivery. Expanded online services provided remote access to tutoring, accommodation testing, library databases, electronic resources and printing services. Students also now have the ability to access program specific software off-campus. Uptake of e-text delivery continues to be strong, now 20% of total book sales. The college continued to invest in the renewal and upgrade of its in- class information technology, with $2.1 M primarily in audio-visual George Brown College 2018-19 Business Plan - renewal, with the expansion of next-generation interactive classroom display technologies. The College achieved 78% faculty utilization of Blackboard, the Learning Management System (LMS) platform, up from 70%. All course outlines are now housed within COMMs, a web-based, comprehensive, effective, and efficient college-wide course outline management system. We continue to develop the use of Blackboard Analytics to improve evidence-based decision making in academic and service areas. The College continued to automate business process with the deployment of new systems. This year, we successfully brought all