to an MBA with Switzerland’s International Management Institute, and the first pathway from a Graduate Certificate at the college to a Master’s degree, with an articulation from our Interdisciplinary Design Strategy program to an MA at the Dún Laoghaire Institute of Art, Design and Technology in Ireland. Work-integrated and experiential learning, including Field Education, is one of the imperatives in our Strategy 2020 (and reflected in our SMA), and the College continued to make strong progress. Our goal for the year was to broaden Field Education opportunities to 95% of qualifying programs (a three-point increase from the previous year’s goal), and George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - this goal was achieved. We are on track with the Strategy 2020 objective of offering a field education component in 100% of qualifying programs. The College implemented the second phase of Universal Design for Learning (UDL) to address the growing diversity and complexity of student needs and to improve academic quality. Actions included the creation of pilot UDL projects across 5 program areas to systematically implement and evaluate UDL-aligned course redesign. As well, extensive capacity-building across employee groups and departments was completed; actions included a number of training sessions and materials, a staff conference and a UDL service video. The College became a signatory to the CICan protocol focused on supporting the unique needs of Indigenous students. The College increased the number of Aboriginal Studies electives offered by 60%, and delivered Indigenous themed content to staff across the College. The College completed the launch of the Teaching and Learning Exchange (TLX), which all faculty can access and leverage for collaboration, sharing and personal development. The George Brown College Foundation grew the number of scholarships, bursaries and other awards to College students by 25% in the year, to a total of over 1,420, and grew the average dollar amount by almost 20% to just over $1,200 per award. The College’s Anti-Sexual Violence Committee was further developed with membership from across all groups in the College, including representatives from the Student Association. This group is advising on the anti-Sexual Violence policy and associated training to be provided to faculty, managers and students. A Sexual Violence Response Advisor has been put in place to support students and employees across the College. Applied Research continued to be a major College-wide focus. GBC was recognized as the top-ranked college in Canada, measured by the number of paid students in applied research, and the second-ranked college in terms of both the number of faculty involved in applied research and the number of completed projects. (source – Research Infosource) All of these metrics relate to the linkage GBC has established between applied research and student success. The College continues implementation of its Internationalization Strategy, built on multiple pillars including the globalization of course content, student and faculty international placements, and the integration of international students in our programs. In recognition of our internationalization efforts, George Brown College was selected as the Gold Recipient of the CiCan Internationalization Excellence Award for 2016-17. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - GBC continued the