saying All of this, coupled with an industry-connected faculty that includes dual professionals – highly skilled teachers who college graduates are better prepared. are recognized experts in their sectors – ensures that applied learning and hands-on experience are not only geared Those same employers view George towards employers’ current needs but their futures. Brown College as producing the With greater growth will come greater value of a George Brown education for students, graduates and employers. highest quality graduates of the fi ve Among the highlights of our efforts to build student success in 2007-2008: GTA colleges. (cid:129) GREATER INTERNATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES. George Brown College continued to provide students with more Source: opportunities to gain relevant and valuable international work experience through a number of new initiatives, Northstar Research including a hospitality externship/coop agreement with Bern Hotels & Resorts in Panama, and bilateral agreements Partners, June 20, 2008 with Guilin Institute of Tourism in China and with the University of Gastronomic Sciences in Italy. (cid:129) LEADING THE FUTURE OF HEALTH CARE. In 2007-2008, George Brown College continued to implement new courses in its Centre for Health Sciences based on interprofessional education – an interdisciplinary, team-based approach aligned with HealthForce Ontario’s Blueprint for Action on Interprofessional Care. (cid:129) EXPANDING EDUCATIONAL PATHWAYS. George Brown demonstrated its ability to work with tertiary educational partners to offer students more pathways to pursue their educational goals, forming new agreements with Athabasca University in Child and Youth Worker and the University of the West Indies in Social Service Worker. (cid:129) FIRST CLASS GRADUATION. The versatility of a George Brown degree was demonstrated by the fi rst graduating class of the Bachelor of Applied Business – Financial Services Degree, with graduates gaining employment in leading Chartered Accountant fi rms as well as entry into a fast-track university MBA program. (cid:129) STUDENT AND GRADUATE RECOGNITION. Two graduates – Elio Pacheco, President of Evian North America and Bonnie Stern, cookbook author and owner of the Bonnie Stern School of Cooking - received the coveted Premier’s Award for their achievements, maintaining George Brown College’s status as the Ontario college with the second highest number of Premier’s Awards recipients. Also, George Brown Technology students won fi ve medals at the annual Skills Ontario competition. (cid:129) AWARD-WINNING FACULTY. George Brown College professors were recognized in 2007-2008 through a number of awards, including the National Institute for Staff and Organizational Development’s Teaching Excellence Awards and the Ontario Dental Hygienists’ Association’s Distinguished Service Award. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 11 Building a Community of Shared Opportunity SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY At George Brown, no vision for the future is complete without inclusion of the communities it serves. Because the province’s future is dependent on the strength of not only its industries but also its communities, the aim of George Brown’s growth includes empowering those beyond its classrooms and campuses to positively shape their futures. The College’s grassroots approach to building communities for the future has been steadily expanding over the years. Already, our outreach programs have brought the previously unimaginable dream of postsecondary education to many faced with insurmountable barriers. Its