Brown College is one of Canada’s largest and most highly respected colleges, serving a diverse and vibrant student body with a remarkably rich program mix of degrees, diplomas, certifi cates and apprenticeship training. The College currently has two main campuses in downtown Toronto – Casa Loma and St. James – and will soon be adding a third campus on the waterfront which will increase the College’s overall footprint in the city by 40 per cent. Since its founding four decades ago, the College has helped launch rewarding careers for thousands of people. Our student body – comprised of 20,200 full-time equivalent students, including 1,600 international students, and 60,000 continuing education registrants – is a true refl ection of our diverse and multicultural city. The College’s faculty and staff work closely with more than a thousand corporate and institutional partners connecting George Brown to the community it serves and helping ensure that it effectively meets the needs of both students and employers in the constant drive to produce the very best workplace-ready graduates. In 2007-2008, the College made major strides in its effort to build on its core strengths, never losing sight of the important role it plays as an integral part of the economic, cultural and social fabric of Toronto. Speculative Drawing WELLNESS BY THE WATER George Brown’s new state-of-the art Health Sciences campus in the heart of Waterfront Toronto’s East Bayfront development will be all about creating even greater potential for both the province’s Health sector and for the City of Toronto. Aligned with HealthForce Ontario’s Blueprint for Action on Interprofessional Care, the campus will enable the college to train more Health Science workers in response to critical skills shortages. Already among the province’s largest nursing schools, this expansion will allow George Brown to train an additional 1,300 new nursing students by 2015, helping meet the government’s commitment to hire 9,000 nurses and create nurse led clinics. Building on the College’s deep connections within the city, George Brown College’s new campus is ultimately part of a larger story of growth and renewal for Toronto, its industries, and the community. As a key resident of the new development, George Brown will animate and energize the neighbourhood. Expected to be completed by the Fall of 2011, the new George Brown site will sit lakeside on two blocks of land just south of its St. James campus on Queen’s Quay between Lower Sherbourne and Lower Jarvis Streets. The two-building campus will face a park at the foot of Sherbourne Street to the East – currently slated for completion in 2010 – and the new Corus Entertainment building near Jarvis Street to the West. To accommodate the new development and activity in the area, the city plans to increase public transportation access east on Queen’s Quay, a project set to coincide with the new campus’ completion date in 2011. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 7 Creating Possibilities, Together INDUSTRY CONNECTEDNESS Opportunities to shape the future on a large scale don’t come about every day. Being in a position to successfully seize these opportunities is even rarer.