improve Tool and Die Technician, Co-op, 2008 themselves and the world around them. Our graduates are ready to face the future, knowing It wasn’t easy for Annie to fi nd her labour of love. that they are well-prepared for the opportunities The Hong Kong native who came to Canada at that await them. We help them get the jobs of the age of eight had always been fond of doing today so that they can shape a better tomorrow. work that is detailed in nature; yet, the classical fi ne arts education she was encouraged to pursue left her unfulfi lled. Julia Phelan, RPN Diploma Program, 2008 By the time she was in her mid-twenties, Annie had surfed through fi ve professional positions in varying It takes a great deal of compassion and maturity fi elds. None of them satisfi ed her yearning to work to care for people who are approaching the end with her hands. Then she discovered the Mechanical of their lives. Julia had both. After working for years Technician, Tool and Die program at George Brown as a restaurateur, chef and nutritional manager— College. Annie soon fell in love with cutting sheet the latter two vocations for which she acquired metal and secured her fi rst job immediately after necessary training through George Brown College graduation, creating bushings for commercial programs—Julia needed a change. She wanted to aircrafts. Soon after, she propelled her career provide more personal support to those with ailing forward, taking on the role of process engineer health and limited time. for a top machine manufacturer. Julia returned to George Brown College, enrolling in the new Bridging RPN to BScN program, a joint initiative between George Brown College and Trent University. She did her internship at Toronto Grace Hospital where she tended to those in the palliative care unit where they liked her so much that they offered her a job. Julia continues to work as a nurse and aspires to eventually become a nurse educator; a fi tting continuation of a lifetime of professional achievement. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 10 | 11 Robin Paul Integrating the Future Workforce Wireless Technology, 2007 Within the next few years, immigrants are expected When Robin Paul arrived in Canada in 2007, he to account for 100 per cent of labour force growth1. should have had all the education he needed to land At George Brown College, helping immigrants a top-rated job in Toronto’s IT sector. Armed with integrate into Canadian society, fi nd meaningful an English-based education in his native Punjab, and gainful employment, and reduce the city’s skills India, an electronics engineering degree and work shortage is of paramount importance. Immigrants experience with IT giant Hewlett Packard, Robin was make up 27 per cent of our student body, much well prepared for a thriving IT career. higher than the provincial average of 17 per cent2. Yet he knew that he would only be able to To accommodate the needs of this growing impress his prospective employers with Canadian population, we have developed bridging experience. That’s when he began