for him. TD very quickly, much faster than I would have without from language courses to help me present my design “The program made me want to go further. Now it,” he says. “It was the right choice for me.” ideas to their continual encouragement and attention, I’m going to get my full education so that I can learn I could not have done this. I want to thank them.” how to bring down a building and how to put up a building,” he says. The Vision, Mission and Values of George Brown College The Path to Leadership Inspired by a commitment to achievement CORE VALUES through excellence in teaching and applied LEARNING COMMUNITY learning, we will set the benchmark to which all colleges will aspire and be recognized as a We foster an environment of reciprocal dialogue to ensure learning, solve problems and strengthen key resource in shaping the future of Toronto. the George Brown College community. With this vibrant and dynamic drive, we will build a seamless bridge between students EXCELLENCE and employers as we develop workplace- We commit ourselves to delivering a “George ready graduates, who will be their candidates Brown College standard” of quality and superior of choice. performance. Energized by the principles of access and ACCOUNTABILITY diversity, we will create a community We hold ourselves responsible to ensure the grounded in mutual respect and accountability future sustainability of George Brown College – in everything we say and do. academically and fi scally. DIVERSITY AND RESPECT We show mutual respect for each other within the community of George Brown College, including all of our stakeholders, in all our behaviour. Committing to our Community There are many aspects to building a healthy community. Our vision to play a major role in the enhancement of the It can include physical infrastructure through the construction city’s environment extends to our curriculum. We are of a facility that uses less energy to heat or cool, or physical educating future employees about their own impact on the wellness through diet, nutrition and a work-life balance. community in the work that they do – in programs as diverse Mark Simpson It also requires socially responsible business practices. as Business, Fashion Design, Culinary Arts and Health At George Brown College we are contributing to healthy Sciences – and the role they play in enhancing their own MARK SIMPSON, PROFESSOR AND COORDINATOR, communities in a holistic way. neighbourhoods through responsible practices. INSTITUTE OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND COMMUNITY INNOVATION Through our physical infrastructure projects we are As a learning community anchored in neighbourhoods beautifying Toronto’s streetscapes and revitalizing Toronto. across the city and in close dialogue with community groups Community Innovator And these efforts are part of a larger goal to introduce new and leaders, we are committed to playing a signifi cant role environmentally sound innovations and practices to urban in the reshaping of Toronto over the next decade and for When Mark Simpson left a successful career in the development. generations to come. corporate world to teach at George Brown College, he wanted to make a