in writing, dated, and signed by both signatories. GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE KEY AREAS OF DIFFERENTIATION George Brown is a comprehensive college in the heart of downtown Toronto, serving the needs of diverse learners and employers. The College plays an integral role in quickly and effectively responding to the labour market and applied research needs of the key sectors driving the city and the province's economy. The College has a successful record of identifying emerging needs in the economy, and developing programs and research projects to both accelerate growth in these areas and prepare students for in-demand employment. George Brown is also a strong community partner and supports the social health of many ofToronto's diverse communities. The College views students as lifelong learners and offers pathways from upgrading to degrees, with a strong emphasis on experiential learning. ALIGNMENT WITH THE DIFFERENTIATION POLICY FRAMEWORK The following outlines areas of strength agreed upon by the College and the Ministry, and the alignment of these areas of strength with the Ministry's Differentiation Policy Framework. 1. JOBS, INNOVATION, AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT This component highlights institutions' collaborative work with employers, community partners, and regions, or at a global level, to establish their role in fostering social and economic development, and serving the needs ofthe economy and labour market. 1.1 Areas of Institutional Strength George Brown College focuses on jobs, innovation, and economic development in the areas of: • Serving the labour market and economic development needs of Toronto. • Embedding applied research through a number of centres, including: - The Green Building Centre. - The Health Technology, Entrepreneurship and Commercialization Hub (Health Tech). - The Food Innovation and Research Studio (FIRSt). - The Centre for Arts and Design, a digital media and gaming incubator. • Working with industry and community to reach its goals, including partnership with organizations such as: the Toronto Construction Association; the Building Industry 3 and Land Development Association; Scotiabank; Cisco; and St. Michael's Hospital, to name a few examples. 1.2 Additional Comments • The Ministry acknowledges George Brown's strong focus on applied research and industry partnerships. • 2012-13 Ministry data indicates that George Brown's employment rate in a related field (46.1%) is above the sector average (45.1%) and the overall college employment rate (80.9%) is below the sector average (83.1%). Institutional Strategies • Specific strategies to continually improve graduate employment include: - Increase in applied research projects as experiential learning opportunities; - Commitment to 100% field education in eligible programs; (Both strategies noted above are key to George Brown College's overall commitment to soft skills development) - Online and mobile support for students during experiential learning placements using an ePortfolio; - Career services support; - Career advising; and - Development of an employer engagement strategy to better understand employer needs and deepen employer partnerships. • The Ministry notes George Brown's intent to develop the Design Centre for the Smart Economy in partnership with OCAD University as an interdisciplinary design school that leverages strengths in applied research and commercialization capacity. 1.3 MetrJcs Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics1 • Number of applied research projects • Graduate employment