one semester at an international institution, and in a reciprocal agreement, a student from that institution experiences a semester at GBC. Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships New Academic partnerships were developed across the College. The Centre for Culinary and Hospitality (CHCA) renewed the partnership with the Hederleigh Foundation, which is focused on nutrition research and projects, and was expanded to include the School of Early Childhood Education. 2018 also saw CHCA expand partnerships with International consulates including Italy, Japan and Spain. We continued to build on our partnership with the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing for the delivery of Ontario building code courses, and received $1.1m in funding from Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada for development work for internationally educated health professionals. The first of three years of employment training through the Fashion Exchange for the City of Toronto was completed. Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy The College completed the fit out of the new space at Daniel’s City of the Arts, to house the School of Design, expanding the Waterfront Campus footprint, and enabling both growth of student enrolment and a reduction in leased space. Built to help address critical skills shortages in industries that require advanced design thinking and innovation, the new facility provides new space for hands-on learning and collaboration. The space will be the home to the Future Ways of Living lab, Digital Incubator, Student Maker Space, the Institute without George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - Boundaries and the Innovation Exchange, a research hub. We completed the schematic design phase of The Arbour – our proposed Tall Wood building which will be adjacent to the Daphne Cockwell Centre for Health Sciences at the Waterfront campus. Site Plan application has been filed, confirming our ability to deliver on our net-zero carbon vision for this building. GBC was ranked as the #2 research college in Canada, and #1 for paid student researchers. Applied Research supported 212 projects involving 1662 students, 208 partners, 127 investigators and 47 staff. startGBC provided direct support for 89 start-up entrepreneurs, hosted 120 events, engaged 2621 students, provided 267 hours of one to one coaching and facilitated almost 500 hours of mentorship. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model The College exceeded all operating budget targets for the year and delivered an operating surplus that will be used to fund high-priority capital projects. The College met all of the Ministry’s Financial Health indicators, improving 2 of the 7 benchmarks. 18-19 Operating Revenue by Source 18-19 Operating Expenditures $433 million $402 million Grants and reimbursements 162 Salaries & Benefits 248 Student Fees 225 Supplies & Other Expenses 90 Ancillary 34 Plant, Property and Capital 57 Other 12 Scholarships & Bursaries 7 Total 433 Total 402 The George Brown College Foundation transferred $1.19m for capital and projects and $1.5m for scholarships in 2018-19. Also in 2018-19, the College received over $4.2m in research awards, and almost $1m in investment from industry. The College’s Community Partnerships Office secured $3.65M in funding from Ministry and private sector funders.