on metrics/targets and to seek input on the performance measurement methodology for SMA3.  Colleges, universities and the ministry all benefit from processes that are transparent and non-duplicative. The ministry commits to work with colleges and universities to continue to streamline processes and seek opportunities to further reduce red tape (in part through increased access to other tools), including reducing or eliminating duplicated reporting requirements.  Through SMA2 discussions, the ministry has heard concerns about the challenges of delivering breadth in programming for Francophone and Francophile students, including the cost and funding of such delivery. Starting in fall 2017, the ministry commits to consulting institutions who have a formal mandate for bilingual and/or French-language delivery to review the delivery of French-Language programming and consider these concerns.  In 2016, an extension of the existing tuition policy framework was announced to support a major reform in OSAP. The ministry will engage with both the college and university sectors around the next tuition policy framework, including examining the issue of tuition anomalies in certain professional programs as a result of past changes to tuition policy, and, for colleges, examining tuition levels relative to competitive college tuition frameworks in Canada.  In recent years and during the SMA process, there has been an increased interest in the creation of a new polytechnic designation in the Ontario postsecondary education system. Starting in fall 2017, the ministry commits to undertake a review that examines whether improved benefits for students and employers are sufficient to make such a change. The ministry commits to working collaboratively with institutions across the sectors on this review.  The ministry acknowledges a request by Ontario’s colleges to explore how to support more flexible delivery of programming, including reviewing part-time funding levels. The ministry commits to working collaboratively with colleges to review this issue, including identifying implications for credentials.  The ministry commits to continue to work collaboratively with colleges to review the eligibility criteria and allocation method for the Small, Northern and Rural Grant to help target funding to best meet sustainability challenges.  34 NOT FOR PUBLICATION Differentiation Areas of Focus In the previous sections of the SMA template, the Ministry has asked institutions to comment on current and planned activities and initiatives in 5 priority areas: Student Experience; Innovation in Teaching and Learning; Access and Equity; Research Excellence and Impact; and Innovation, Economic Development and Community Engagement. In addition to commenting on activities in these areas, institutions have been asked to indicate preferred institutional metrics and targets, as well as to establish institutional targets for system-wide metrics. This is part of the path from SMA2 to SMA3 and the ongoing work between the Ministry and institutions in developing and using metrics that support greater accountability and transparency for the use of differentiation funding. Building upon the previous sections, the Ministry is asking institutions to set out a differentiation narrative. If each of the five priorities corresponded to a funding envelope, taking into account your institutional visions and mandates – and your strengths – how would you weight your priorities against