secondary teachers and guidance counselors. Again this was accomplished by building external and internal partnerships that helped us identify common needs and interest. This process assisted us in facilitating the process of developing plans of execution with common goals and deliverables that focused on: reaching disengaged secondary students by providing opportunities that would motivate/encourage them to pursue post-secondary, assist students in a seamless transition from secondary to post-secondary, and the ability to share information/strategies/curriculum between secondary representatives (teachers) and college representative (professors). In the upcoming academic year we have secured funding for 17 activities that will continue to build on the successes from past academic years. This summer we will be part of a writing team that will include four colleges and two school boards that offer that Dual Credit Program to look at the program delivery and establish protocols and communication messages that are consistent in efforts of developing program best practices, uniformity and sustainability 3. Second 1. Marketing Second Career programming at GBC through accessible, easy-to-read information Career through varying modes of communication: website, brochures, mini-booklets etc. 2. Supporting clients through dedicated Second Career advising, ensuring suitable post-secondary program selections are made and understood, and ensuring select applicants receive the upgrading necessary for admission to the post-secondary SC eligible programs. 3. Streamlining outreach efforts and intake process to increase SC applicant accessibility by offering on-site information sessions/assessments/application services and reviewing the potential of adopting theToronto Social Services Application model – more direct, bypasses Assessment Centres. 4. Undertaking a review of the Second Career strategy at GBC by mapping the process to identify gaps, challenges and opportunities and how these will be solved to create a more seamless interface for the students, i.e. adopting a streamlined SC application and assessment process with both the Assessment Centre and the Advising Service; and consulting with program faculties to implement flexible delivery of the current programs to meet demand for a continuous learning cycle for incoming Second Career applicants. Continued to deliver our two Augmented Education programs [Assistant Cook Extended Training and 4. Specialized Construction Craft Worker Extended Training] for about 25 students each, and our two mental health programs and Targeted [Redirection Through Education - 110 students] and For You [40 students] --These are disadvantaged Programs students, many of whom are on the Ontario Disability Supports program or other social assistance funding. "Women Transitioning into Trades" program for 30 disadvantaged women starting in September '09 5. Aboriginal Continue the implementation of the Aboriginal Strategic Plan elements described above. Strategic Plan Please outline how you will continue to monitor and evaluate the outcomes of these strategies in 2009-10 in the following space (e.g. through feedback, surveys, tracking participants’ progress, etc.). Strategy / Brief Description of Monitoring and Evaluation of Outcomes Program 2. Lead – The Community Partnerships Office has made a commitment to evidence-based educational practice. In line Educate-Apply- with this priority, we are currently finalizing a First Generation Tracking tool for 2009-2010 to assess the overall Deliver-Succeed effectiveness and efficiency of the Outreach, Transition, and Retention (OTR) Model. We aim to create a