69%) 63% (79%) The second number in parenthesis is the persistence rate. The number of students who are enrolled in the college but 3rd to 4th Year 80% (07-08 89%) 88% (90%) maybe in another program, or to changed to part-time. There is no obvious explanation as why retention rates for students following a sequential pathway have dropped. We will continue with the role out of our student success interventions, communication skills interventions and improve to curriculum to improve retention rates. If you would like to provide any other comments, please do so in the following space: MYAA Transition Year 2009-10 Pending advice from HEQCO from the development of student retention measures and targets, we also ask that you continue to track student retention in 2009-10 according to your institution’s established practices. If you would like to provide any other comments, please do so in the following space: C. ACCOUNTABILITY MYAA Report Back 2008-09 Please insert the current internet link to your posted Multi-Year Action Plan and 2007-08 Multi-Year Accountability Agreement Report-Back in the following space: http://www.georgebrown.ca/globalnav/about/report.aspx . This 2008-09 Report-Back document constitutes part of the public record, and as such, should also be made available on your institution’s web site. Please ensure that this document is posted at the same location as your Multi-Year Action Plan and 2007-08 Report-Back. MYAA 2008-09 Report Back Contact Name: Nancy Miyagi Phone: 416-415-5000 2560 14 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Email: nmiyagi@georgebrown.ca APPENDIX A: Summary of consolidated strategies and programs for 2009-10 Transition Year Increased Participation of Under-Represented Students Outreach: targeted outreach activities with local community organizations and high schools, or advertising / marketing activities to improve participation of under-represented groups. Bridging & Pathways: activities to bridge students into PSE (including dual credit programs, academic upgrading and other services) and assist students' pathways between college and university (i.e. credential assessment, advising for transferred students) or into work placements and co-operative programs. Student Services & Supports: activities including personal and career counselling, academic advising and supports, and cultural programming (i.e. Aboriginal Elders on-site). Academic Programming: activities to assess or develop programs to ensure accessibility in terms of delivery and / or content, enhance opportunities for under-represented groups, or deliver the program in partnership with other institutions. Building Capacity: activities focusing on the capacity of the college or university to ensure greater accessibility, including staff training, research and needs assessment of the student population and the identification of barriers. Quality of the Learning Environment Academic Programming: program development and quality review processes, and improved program policies and quality audits. Student Engagement & Satisfaction: activities to increase student engagement through effective educational practices (interaction, cooperation amongst students, active learning, prompt feedback and time on task). Also includes overall assessments of student satisfaction and engagement through designated tools (KPI and other surveys). Student Services & Supports: academic supports such as tutoring, academic advising and foundational skills (English and Math). Teaching / Classroom Enhancements: overall enhancements to students' experience inside the classroom through targets for student-faculty ratio, student assessment of teaching and physical classroom upgrades (technology, seating). 15 Ministry