are the representations of management and have been prepared in accordance with Canadian public sector accounting standards for government not-for-profit organizations, including the 4200 series of standards, as issued by Public Sector Accounting Board (“PSAB for Government NPOs”). The significant accounting policies are as follows: a) Revenue recognition: The College follows the deferral method of accounting for contributions, which include donations and government grants. Operating grants are recorded as revenue in the period to which they relate. Grants earned but not received at the end of an accounting period are accrued. Unrestricted contributions are recognized as revenue when received or receivable, if the amount to be received can be reasonably estimated and collection is reasonably assured. Externally restricted contributions, other than endowment contributions, are recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Contributions externally restricted for the purchase of capital assets are deferred and amortized into revenue on a straight-line basis, at a rate corresponding with the amortization rate for the related capital assets. Endowment contributions are recognized as direct increases in endowment net assets. Restricted investment income is recognized as revenue in the year in which the related expenses are incurred. Unrestricted investment income is recognized as revenue when earned. Tuition fees are recognized ratably over the term to which the tuition fee revenue applies to the extent that the related courses are provided to the student. Other operating revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or the related products are delivered. b) Financial instruments: The College classifies its financial instruments as either fair value or amortized cost. The College’s accounting policy for each category is as follows: 9 The George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology Notes to Financial Statements (expressed in thousands of dollars) March 31, 2017 1. Significant Accounting Policies (continued) (i) Fair value The College has designated its fixed income portfolio that would otherwise be classified into the amortized cost category at fair value as the College manages and reports performance of it on a fair value basis. They are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently carried at fair value. Unrealized changes in fair value are recognized in the statement of remeasurement gains and losses until they are realized, when they are transferred to the statement of operations. Changes in fair value on restricted assets are recognized as a liability until the criterion attached to the restrictions has been met. Transaction costs related to financial instruments in the fair value category are expensed as incurred. Where a decline in fair value is determined to be other than temporary, the amount of the loss is removed from accumulated remeasurement gains and losses and recognized in the statement of operations. On sale, the amount held in accumulated remeasurement gains and losses associated with that instrument is removed from net assets and recognized in the statement of operations. (ii) Amortized cost This category includes accounts receivable, grants receivable, receivable from George Brown College Foundation, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, liability for contaminated site, and-long term debt. They are initially recognized at