from federal and provincial granting agencies and other funders. Industry and community partners also make cash and in-kind contributions to all research collaborations. Major federal and provincial funders include the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC), the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, the Canadian Foundation for Innovation, the Federal Economic Development Agency of Southern Ontario, the National Research Council, the Ontario Centres of Excellence and the Ontario Ministry of Research, Innovation and Science. The Office of Research and Innovation engages industry, faculty, students, and the community through participation in educationally and economically meaningful research projects and partnerships. George Brown conducts collaborative applied research and experimental development with private- and public-sector partners. It believes that applied research is an excellent way for industry to access research talent, equipment, networks and funding and also a wonderful experiential learning opportunity for students. In 2016, over 1,700 students were engaged in applied research projects. Between 2015 and 2016, George Brown saw a 12 per cent increase in the number of research projects, a 10 per cent increase in the number of faculty involved, and a 10 per cent increase in the number of research partners. In 2016, Research InfoSource ranked George Brown College the number-one research college in Canada for the number of paid student researchers, number two for the number of completed research projects and number three for the number of research partnerships. George Brown has identified five major research themes that represent areas of proven applied research capacity. Each theme has an established network of partners and collaborators from the industrial, postsecondary, not-for-profit and public sectors, and is supported by applied research infrastructure and expertise. The major themes are interdisciplinary in nature, focusing on solving industry and community problems:  Food and beverage innovation  Design for the smart economy  Sustainability and the built environment  Community wellness, health and education  Business/social innovation and entrepreneurship 2 https://researchinfosource.com/pdf/CIL%20Top%2050%20research%20colleges%202015.pdf  18 George Brown College has private- and public-sector partners in key areas, including life sciences, clean technology, construction, food and beverages, creative industries, manufacturing and materials, fashion and apparel, digital media and design, technology, information and communications technology and finance. Its extended network of regional and national partners includes:  Industry, including small and medium-sized enterprises, start-up companies, and large and multinational companies  Professional associations and sector organizations  Universities and colleges  Hospitals and long-term care facilities  Players in the innovation system (i.e., Regional Innovation Centres, the Industrial Research Assistance Program, Network Centres of Excellence)  Local incubators and accelerators (campus-linked and non-campus-linked)  City of Toronto  Provincial and federal governments  Community organizations Looking Forward George Brown will continue to build and sustain partnerships, capacity, funding, and infrastructure for its existing research framework. It will also invest in capacity in other areas of strategic regional importance, including design; fashion/wearables; product design and development; connected cities; social innovation; inclusive/universal design; wellness; and aging in place. George Brown has plans to leverage its areas of excellence to enhance and add to its international research partnerships.