planet healthy. Centre and for employers. Streetfront Style Gina Faubert FITNESS AND LIFESTYLE MANAGEMENT, 1998 In May of 2009, the college and its architectural fi rms character-rich building – also home to Continuing responsible for the expansion of the Centre for Hospitality Education programs – is being used to advance real time & Culinary Arts and its student-run restaurant, The Chefs’ learning, George Brown Chef School’s distinct philosophy Strength Training House received the 2009 Ontario Association of Architects of challenging students by placing them front and centre, Physical vitality and wellness are key ingredients in building Design (OAAD) Excellence Award. The George Brown serving the public. healthy communities. Gina Faubert, a graduate of the Fitness project was among 14 diverse and innovative buildings George Brown wanted to convey a look and feel for and Lifestyle Management program is doing just that. As the to be recognized across the province by the OAAD. both buildings consistent with its new visual identity owner of a successful health and fi tness studio, she helps The initiative was applauded for having restored a while creating transparency and accessibility to people achieve healthier lives through training in exercise and turn-of-the-century factory and warehouse building at education. The new environmentally conscious buildings nutrition. Gina chose George Brown because she wanted to 200 King Street East into what is now George Brown’s will help transform the study of hospitality and culinary gain practical skills that could help her fi nd work right away. new signature street-front restaurant. This historical and arts in Canada. At George Brown, she found hands-on learning plus comprehensive knowledge of the science behind fi tness, which has made her a better instructor. As a student she was able to work in a variety of settings, from hospitals to physiotherapy centres. The combination of theoretical and practical education she received at George Brown is the reason she is able to provide her clients with such high quality fi tness training. “Seeing people feel good is the most rewarding part of my job; whether it’s helping them manage stress, lose weight or deal with chronic pain. It’s about making a difference in their lives,” she says. Artist Rendering provided by Waterfront Toronto Harbouring Health Reaching Out Imagine learning in one of the city’s most beautiful, modern This expansion will allow the College to add 4,000 new student Giving back to the community in the form of high quality products and and workplace-relevant learning environments, with labs and seats, helping the province address looming skills shortages in services is another way that George Brown College enhances the City of classrooms overlooking the Toronto harbour and green space, a variety of industries and provide new opportunities for the Toronto. Supervised by their professors, some students are already working fi tness and recreation facilities integrated in the design. thousands of Ontarians looking for essential training and while Torontonians reap the benefi ts. re-training. Not only will it help us better address the needs With a Fall 2009 groundbreaking, the project, design and George Brown College operates nine daycare centres throughout