in the province, with 2.5m visits, all while operating at 1/3rd the provincial average cost per library visit. The college made substantial investments in accessible electronic resources and online offerings for after hours library options. Consistent with the college’s Strategic Mandate Agreement, new programs reflecting our areas of strength were developed and/or launched. More specifically, we launched a diploma in Finance, Blockchain and Mobile Application Development certificates and a degree in Digital Experience Design. Development work on a Degree in Business Analytics and another in Food Studies has continued. The college also added a hairstyling apprenticeship program in Continuing Education, in response to a request from MTCU. To ensure a smooth transition for graduates into the labour market, George Brown College has continued to make Work-Integrated Learning and Experiential Education a top priority. Within the last year, we partnered with Riipen on a college wide initiative to provide micro- experiential learning experiences to students. In addition, the college established an academic quality framework for experiential learning, developed digital student supports for students and created a college community of practice. Almost 100% of our programs now have an experiential learning opportunity. In the past year, the college has provided 1,276 new experiential learning opportunities for students. The George Brown College Foundation funded 1,357 scholarships with an average value of $1,136. Institutional Research advanced digitization and data-driven decision making through a KPI dashboard, a customizable student feedback questionnaire instrument and an interactive Labour Market Information pilot. They also launched a digital student insight community and poll George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - process to obtain real-time student feedback on strategic direction and current issues which generated 18,000 student responses. The College continued implementation of its Internationalization Strategy, built on multiple pillars including the globalization of course content, student and faculty international placements, and the integration of international students in our programs. GBC surpassed our international enrollment and revenue objectives by 22%. Our focus this year was on enhancing our international student services in three key areas: our International Student Advisors provided advice to over 1,700 students, the integration team supported 3,900 students, and student services staff assisted 15,000 students. In addition, working with the Registrar’s Office and academic divisions, we created a streamlined process in support of our exchange partnerships, whereby our students can experience one semester at an international institution, and in a reciprocal agreement, a student from that institution experiences a semester at GBC. Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships New Academic partnerships were developed across the College. The Centre for Culinary and Hospitality (CHCA) renewed the partnership with the Hederleigh Foundation, which is focused on nutrition research and projects, and was expanded to include the School of Early Childhood Education. 2018 also saw CHCA expand partnerships with International consulates including Italy, Japan and Spain. We continued to build on our partnership with the Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing for the delivery of Ontario building code courses, and received $1.1m in funding from Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada for development work for internationally