will be provided to the employee. • The means of providing the individual accommodation plan in a format that takes into account the employee’s accessibility needs due to disability. For more details, please consult the Workplace Accommodation Policy which is available on the college website. The individual accommodation plans may include, if requested, any information regarding accessible formats and communication supports and individualized workplace emergency response information. 3.8 RETURN TO WORK PROCESS George Brown College has a Return to Work policy, which is located on the college’s Human Resources intranet site. This policy outlines the steps that the college takes to facilitate the return to work of employees who were absent due illness or injury. The Return to Work policy outlines the ways in which accommodations are provided to employees, where necessary, and creates a suitable return to work plan that meets the needs of the employee. This policy may be used in conjunction with, or with reference to, the Workplace Accommodation Policy. 3.9 CAREER DEVELOPMENT, ADVANCEMENT, REDEPLOYMENT AND PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT George Brown College will take into the account the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities as well as individual accommodation plans when using performance management, career development and advancement and redeployment practices. 4.0 TRANSPORTATION STANDARDS 4.1 ACCESSIBLE TRANSPORTATION George Brown College will arrange for accessible transportation (upon request), if and when, transportation services are to be provided by the College. The college will notify the public and / or employees when making transportation arrangements. 5.0 DESIGN OF PUBLIC SPACE (ACCESSIBILITY STANDARDS FOR THE BUILT ENVIRONMENT) 5.1 BUILT ENVIRONMENT George Brown College is committed to incorporating accessibility standards in the construction of new facilities and during the renovation of existing spaces. The College utilizes accessibility standards that create barrier free access to all spaces for employees, students and members of the community. This includes wayfinding systems to ensure that travelling through our spaces is accessible. 5.2 SERVICE COUNTERS When constructing new service counters or replacing existing service counters, the following requirements must be met: • There must be at a minimum one service counter that accommodates a mobility aid for each type of service provided. • The accessible service counter must be clearly identified with signage, where there are multiple queuing lines and service counters. • Each service counter must accommodate a mobility aid, where a single queuing line serves a single or multiple counters. The service counter that accommodates mobility aids must meet the following requirements: • The countertop height must be such that it is usable by a person seated in a mobility aid. • There must be sufficient knee clearance for a person seated in a mobility aid, where a forward approach to the counter is required. • The floor space in front of the counter must be sufficiently clear so as to accommodate a mobility aid. 5.3 FIXED QUEUING GUIDES When constructing new fixed queuing guides, the following requirements must be met: • They must provide sufficient width to allow for the passage of mobility aids and mobility assistive devices. • They must have sufficiently clear floor area