guidelines issued by the MTCU. The policy’s application is monitored by management, the investment managers and the board of governors. Diversification techniques are utilized to minimize risk. 25 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2015 ($ amounts are in thousands) 20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISK MANAGEMENT (continued) The Policy limits the investment in any one corporate issuer to a maximum of 10% of the College’s total fixed income bonds. There have been no significant changes from the previous year in the exposure to risk or policies, procedures and methods used to measure the risk. Currency risk Currency risk relates to the College operating in different currencies and converting non- Canadian earnings at different points in time at different foreign exchange rates when adverse changes in foreign currency rates occur. The College does not have any material transactions or financial instruments denominated in foreign currencies. There have been no significant changes from the previous year in the exposure to risk or policies, procedures and methods used to measure the risk. Interest rate risk Interest rate risk is the potential for financial loss caused by fluctuations in fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments because of changes in market interest rates. The College is exposed to this risk through its interest bearing investments. At March 31, 2015, a 1% fluctuation in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have an estimated impact on the fair value of bonds of $660. There have been no significant changes from the previous year in the exposure to risk or policies, procedures and methods used to measure the risk. Liquidity risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the College will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The College mitigates this risk by monitoring cash activities and expected outflows through extensive budgeting and maintaining investments that may be converted to cash in the near-term if unexpected cash outflows arise. The follow table sets out the contractual maturities (representing undiscounted contractual cash-flows of financial liabilities): Maturity profile of bonds held is as follows: 2015 Within Within Within Over 1 year 2-5 years 6-10 years 10 years Total Carrying value $ 4,649 $ 2 3,335 $ - $ - $ 27,984 Percent of Total 17% 83% 0% 0% 100% Accounts payable and accrued liabilities mature within one year. 26 THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE OF APPLIED ARTS AND TECHNOLOGY Notes to Financial Statements Year ended March 31, 2015 ($ amounts are in thousands) 20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT RISK MANAGEMENT (continued) There have been no significant changes from the previous year in the exposure to risk or policies, procedures and methods used to measure the risk. 21. COMPARATIVE FIGURES Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s method of presentation. 27