School of Fashion Studies has focused on students in challenging courses (i.e., courses with higher-than- average failure rates), providing support from subject-specific peer tutors. The tutors are senior students who lead weekly group study sessions in subjects such as economics, accounting, apparel marketing, and textiles. In a survey to assess this effort, many students cited peer groups as a contributor to their success and ability to remain in their program.  The School of Early Childhood has delivered tutorial classes for target courses in each year of the Early Childhood Education program and has fully used the class advisor model to create a smaller learning community. Retention will continue to be a key priority, and the College will develop and roll out new strategies and initiatives that build on the six pillars listed above. Student Life Co-Curricular Experience The goal of the Student Life Co-Curricular Experience pilot project, is to give students experiences outside the classroom that will develop the seven soft skills identified by employers as the most valuable in new graduates. Incoming students use an online tool that identifies areas they should seek to strengthen. They are then matched with a coach who works with their career goals, helping them interpret the feedback and suggesting co-curricular activities to develop particular skills. Additional tools (such as videos on skills development) are also available. When students are about to graduate, they complete a second assessment and are given a  8 document to share with employers that articulates their strengths related to the very skills employers value most. This project is still in the pilot stage, but student feedback has been very good and the college plans a wider rollout. Career Coach Tool Career Coach is an online tool that allows prospective and current students to search a program of study they are interested in and see the careers for which they are suited. It will also search a career or job title and give the student relevant data on wages, employment and training requirements. In 2016, Career Coach had over 20,000 visits, giving students valuable insight into potential careers. Peerconnect Mentorship Program George Brown College recently transformed its Peerconnect mentorship program by adding a holistic student well-being model to its academic success and community building strategies. With three foundational pillars — study well, work well, and live well — the program uses a coaching approach to support students’ learning and study skills, essential employability skills and mental health and well-being. The program offers comprehensive leadership training for peer coaches, as well as regular guidance and development from Student Success Coordinators on topics such as sexual violence prevention, mental health awareness, SafeTalk suicide prevention, self-regulation and resilience. Over 70 peer coaches support students through group workshops, individual coaching, community programming and collaboration with other services and academic areas across campuses. The program contributes to a healthy campus environment where students feel engaged, included, and equipped with the necessary skills to thrive at the George Brown and beyond. 1.3 Metrics and Targets 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Target Overall Student Satisfaction Rate 73.9% Student Satisfaction