Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11, s. 38). If anyone has questions about the policy, or if the purpose of the policy is not understood, an explanation should be provided by or referred to the AODA Coordinator of the College. This document is available in alternative format upon request. DEFINITIONS Word/Term Definition Accessible May include, but are not limited to, large print, recorded audio and electronic formats formats, braille and other formats usable by persons with disabilities; (“format accessible”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Barrier A barrier is defined by the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act as “anything that prevents a person with a disability from fully participating in all aspects of society because of their disability, including a physical barrier, an architectural barrier, an information or communications barrier, an attitudinal barrier, a technological barrier, a policy or a practice; (“obstacle”). Communication May include, but are not limited to, captioning, alternative and augmentative supports communication supports, plain language, sign language and other supports that facilitate effective communications; (“aides à la communication”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Word/Term Definition Communications The interaction between two or more persons or entities, or any combination of them, where information is provided, sent or received; (“communications”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Conversion An electronic or digital format that facilitates conversion into an accessible ready format; (“prêt à être converti”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Disability The Ontario Human Rights Commission and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act define “disability” as: a) any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth defect or illness and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, includes diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, a brain injury, any degree of paralysis, amputation, lack of physical coordination, blindness or visual impediment, deafness or hearing impediment, muteness or speech impediment, or physical reliance on a guide dog or other animal or on a wheelchair or other remedial appliance or device, b) a condition of mental impairment or a developmental disability, c) a learning disability, or a dysfunction in one or more of the processes involved in understanding or using symbols or spoken language, d) a mental disorder, or an injury or disability for which benefits were claimed or received under the insurance plan established under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, 1997. Guide Dog A dog trained as a guide for a blind person and having the qualifications prescribed by the regulations listed in R.R.O. 1990, Reg. 58: GUIDE DOGS under Blind Persons' Rights Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. B.7. (“chien d’aveugle,” “chien-guide”) Information Includes data, facts and knowledge that exists in any format, including text, audio, digital or images, and that conveys meaning; (“information”). O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Kiosk An interactive electronic terminal, including a point-of-sale device, intended for public use that allows users to access one or more services or products or both. O. Reg. 191/11, s. 6 (5). Service Animal An animal is a service animal for a person with a disability if the animal can be readily