Annual Report 2012-13 It’s a new day in Toronto. The city is alive with possibility. An HR manager shakes hands with a nervous new recruit. An early childhood educator helps a future scientist learn to count. A construction worker lays the final brick on a newlywed couple’s first home. Across the city and around the clock, George Brown graduates are making a real impact on the lives of Torontonians. They’re the people who manage our money and rebuild our roads. The people who bake our bread and bandage our wounds. The people who keep Toronto working. Today and every day. Graduate 2012, Hospitality Operations Management Conference Services Manager, Pantages and Cosmopolitan Skyline Hotels What toronto needs noW “We understand employment – and we know that in a city that never stops evolving, we can’t either.“ Building a better Toronto – it’s at the core of But the most important building project we’re everything we do at George Brown College, from engaged in doesn’t require a hard hat. Every day, the programs we offer and the partnerships we in the classroom and in the field, we’re building develop, to our in-depth involvement in the city’s bridges between students and employment – diverse communities. something our city desperately needs right now. Sometimes the building we do is quite literal. With scores of health care workers, engineers and This year, we opened a state-of-the-art Waterfront tradespeople poised to retire, analysts are predicting Campus, bringing new life to a previously vacant a massive shortage of workers with the skills our stretch of the city. We’re also a partner in the large- economy needs. There’s no lack of job seekers, but scale redevelopment of Toronto’s West Don Lands, there’s a significant mismatch between the skills the future home of our first student residence. they possess and what the market requires. Reclaiming and repurposing these underutilized waterfront areas is a crucial step forward for Toronto – necessary for the city’s social and environmental sustainability – and we’re proud to play our part. At George Brown, we’re taking a lead role in But we can’t do it alone. As enrolment demands correcting this imbalance. With programs increase and funding levels don’t, we’re increasingly concentrated on the fields facing shortages, relying on external support to advance our mission. we’re building the workforce Toronto needs, Toronto has never needed George Brown more and fuelling the engine of tomorrow’s economy. and that’s precisely why there’s never been a better time to support the college. Whether you choose We understand employment – and we know that to make a financial contribution, join a Program in a city that never stops evolving, we can’t stop Advisory Committee or partner with us on field either. That’s why we remain in constant dialogue education or applied research, your support will with employers, engaging them in program have a direct impact on our students and our city. development to ensure our graduates have the skills they’re looking for. Anne Sado Lynn Nagle President Chair, Board of Governors LEADING A CITY TO WORK ANNUAL REPORT 2012/13 p4 Meeting