the essential relationship between nature, culture and community in the heart of Toronto. The skills they learn today will become the standards of tomorrow. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 22 | 23 RAISING A TOAST TO YES CHEF! From left to right: John Walker, Dean, Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts; Linda Dunn, George Brown College Foundation; Anne Sado, President; Donna Dooher, Leading Toronto Chef, Author and Restaurateur and campaign co-chair; John Higgins, Director, Chef School and Michael Beckley, Sr. Vice President, Marriott International and campaign co-chair. george brown college foundation initiatives Yes Chef! The Ontario Trust for Student Support (OTSS) George Brown College set out on a course to accommodate the growing demand for student Last year, George Brown College increased its spaces within its Centre for Hospitality and endowment funds by more than $3 million— Culinary Arts. With the support of the government, the highest among all colleges in Ontario— George Brown College embarked on a $20 million thanks to generous donors who contributed redevelopment campaign called Yes Chef! with more than $1 million, which was matched by a goal of raising $5 million in donations from the Ontario government. the private industry. In addition to our donors, we owe much of our More than 60 companies in the foodservice and success to our volunteers. George Brown College hospitality industries stepped up to the plate to Foundation (GBCF) Board of Governors and Board provide us with the fi nancing we needed to achieve of Directors led the way. Many other partners and our goal and provide a concierge station, a hotel- friends followed their example because our track style front desk at Student Services, nine interactive record of helping aboriginal students, new culinary labs, three baking labs, a chocolatier lab, Canadians and second-career students fi nd a culinary demo theatre, mixology and sommelier meaningful and gainful employment is unparalleled. labs and a student resource centre. They know we’re not just helping the students, but In addition, the funding allowed us to establish also the city as a whole. our own fi ne-dining restaurant, The Chefs’ House, The OTSS allows George Brown College to make where patrons can watch Culinary Arts students post-secondary education accessible to many prepare their food through television monitors students for whom fi nancing is an unconquerable strategically placed throughout the restaurant obstacle. It sees the province match every dollar and be served by our Hospitality students. collected by George Brown College in endowments Businesses in the GTA support us because they from generous Canadians who have lent their know we produce quality graduates who contribute fi nancial support to ensure that post-secondary to the growth and stability of their operations education is accessible to more and more people and who know how to effectively communicate, every year. We use the annual interest we receive work collaboratively and provide superior from these endowments to distribute bursaries, customer service. scholarships and entrance awards to the students who need it the most. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 24 | 25 HOWARD COHEN President, Context Development Inc. The future of Toronto is based on