Waste Division and others. Our community-focused efforts were supported with new agreements with the Information & Communications Technology Council, and Elrington Castle Asset Management, among others. As noted earlier, the College places sustained effort into academic partnerships and articulation agreements with Toronto high schools, Ontario universities, and a wide range of international institutions. Examples of partnership within the college sector last year included collaboration with three institutions on eCampus proposals and partnering with three institutions in the expansion of IELTS testing. GBC continued to be a driver of collaboration in a variety of sector bodies such as the Ontario Education Collaborative Marketplace and the Ontario College Library System. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy The College launched its Innovation Exchange strategy and facilities, with an across-the-college invitation of industry into research and collaboration spaces. One example was the newly opened high-tech second-generation Building Information Modelling lab. Another is the College’s expansion of Fashion Exchange activities, with continued bridge-to-employment programming supporting Regent Park and the Toronto fashion industry, the development of new postgraduate programs to support industry demand for launch in the following year, and the expansion of support for scale-up garment production for fashion start-ups. A third is the planned Design Centre for the Smart Economy Innovation Exchange, in a new building now being constructed, for which the College received funding of $4.8 million from NSERC/CFI. As noted earlier, the College continued to expand its applied research activity and the associated opportunities for students, faculty and industry. 203 applied research projects were conducted in the year. The focus is on the promotion of Ontario’s economy through support to industry in product and service innovation, leveraging the College’s facilities and staff plus purpose-built research-specific facilities. In 2016-17, the College completed Phase 1 and advanced Phase 2 of the new Food and Beverage Labs facility for industry research and commercialization, in collaboration with FedDev Ontario. At the same time, the college ensures this activity enhances our students’ learning experience and the ability of students to transfer the skills learned to their employment. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Full-Time post-secondary enrolment grew +1.0% vs. 2015/16. The College met or exceeded all operating budget targets for the year, and delivered an operating surplus that will be used to fund high-priority capital projects. The College continued to monitor and manage its financial health carefully, and achieved top quartile performance in the Ministry’s Financial Health Indicators, meeting all seven benchmarks. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - 16-17 Operating Revenue by Source 16-17 Operating Expenditures $362 million $347 million Grants and reimbursements 137 Salaries & Benefits 215 Student Fees 176 Supplies & Other Expenses 73 Ancillary 29 Plant, Property and Capital 52 Other 21 Scholarships & Bursaries 7 Total 362 Total 347 The George Brown College Foundation transferred over $11M to the College in 2016-17. The Foundation gathered $4.7M in new gifts and pledges during the year, 7% over its budget plan for the year. By the conclusion of the year, the Foundation had reached 63% of its