a document to a person with a disability, the college will, upon request, provide or arrange for the provision of the document, or the information contained in the document, to the person in an accessible format or with communication support, in a timely manner that takes into account the person’s accessibility needs due to disability; and at a cost that is no more than the regular cost charged to other persons. The college will consult with the person making the request in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. 7.0 QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS POLICY George Brown College’s AODA Accessibility Policy exists to provide clear guidance on how the college will achieve the obligations and responsibilities of all applicable accessibility standards under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005, S.O. 2005, c. 11 and the O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards, in adherence with the principles of dignity, independence, integration, and equal opportunity. If anyone has questions about the policy, or if the purpose of the policy is not understood, an explanation should be provided by or referred to the AODA Coordinator of the College. This document is available in alternative format upon request. 8.0 NON-COMPLIANCE IMPLICATIONS In accordance with the regulation, George Brown College is subject to the following administrative penalties if deemed non-compliant by the Director of the Accessibility Directorate. Administrative Penalties for Unincorporated Organizations Schedule 2: Administrative Penalties for Unincorporated Organizations Impact of Contravention (Major, Moderate, Minor) Contravention History Major $2,000 $1,000 $500 Contravention History Moderate $1,000 $500 $250 Contravention History Minor $500 $250 $200 The Accessibility Directorate of Ontario determines the dollar amount of the administrative penalty based on the following factors: The severity of the impact: The director determines whether, in their opinion, the severity of the impact of the contravention is of a minor, moderate or major nature. The contravention history of the unincorporated organization over the current two-reporting-cycles period. Schedule 2 is used for unincorporated organizations such as George Brown College. If the director determines that the contravention is major, and that the contravention history has been major, then the director can treat the penalty determined from Schedule 2 as a daily penalty to a maximum of $50,000 per day for an unincorporated organization. 9.0 RELATED POLICIES The following policies, procedures and resources can be located on the George Brown College Policies page or on the college's intranet site: Accessible Learning Services Policy Captioned Media and e-Text Policy Code of Conduct Policy Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy Procurement Toolkit Return to Work Workplace Accommodation Policy 10.0 APPENDICES APPENDIX A: Service Animal Guidelines APPENDIX A: SERVICE ANIMAL GUIDELINES George Brown College recognizes the diversity of the community it serves and is committed to preventing and removing any barriers to George Brown College’s services, spaces, or resources by welcoming persons with disabilities who are accompanied by a Service Animal. Under the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA), a barrier is defined as “anything that prevents a person with a disability from fully participating in all aspects of society because of their disability,