number of sessions, including a week-long new-faculty onboarding program, outcomes-based learning, professional portfolio development, learning squares, reflective practice papers, employee retreats and various topical workshops and sessions. George Brown College offers hybrid, blended, and online courses that make use of technology to facilitate better student-teacher and peer-to-peer engagement, along with dynamic group collaboration. It also incorporates the principles of Universal Design for Learning into its teaching methodologies and provides a supportive learning environment with individualized advising and coaching for students in many of its program areas. Looking Forward Field Education The College is moving into the second phase of its commitment to field education as it seeks to increase the number of students graduating with field placement experience; expand the range of field education options to include international placements and consulting opportunities; implement a framework of standards for field education; and modify curricula to support time outside of the classroom in field placements. The College also intends to expand the use of virtual reality and simulation technologies to allow for more flexible field education experiences. Institute Without Boundaries The Institute first looked at the potential for design to effect change on a global scale, and then applied that thinking to a series of multi-year research projects that have grown progressively larger in scale. Its focus has moved from housing to neighbourhoods, urban centres, and regions. Together with a 2016–2017 curriculum partner, Waterfront Toronto, Institute Without Boundaries students and faculty are envisioning the future of the city’s waterfront as a regional resource that connects people across the Golden Horseshoe. Professional Development for Faculty George Brown has developed a new three-year plan (2017–2020) to realize the full capacity of our Learning Management System. This plan promotes the effective rollout of Blackboard Analytics to build capacity among faculty and operational units to integrate use of the learning management system in teaching and learning; and integrates and harmonizes the learning management system with other data management systems.  11 2.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Digital Learning Initiative Aligned with George Brown’s goals outlined in Strategy 2020 and its Academic Plan, the Digital Learning Initiative is a comprehensive, academically driven strategy to embrace pedagogically effective digital learning tools, methods and ecosystems. The Digital Learning Initiative has four objectives: 1. Advance George Brown College’s traditional strengths in hands-on and experiential education by enhancing hybrid/blended forms of digital learning. 2. Promote a culture of innovation in flexible learning led by pedagogical effectiveness. 3. Establish an easy-to-use, accessible, and reliable e-learning ecosystem that acts as a single point of entry for students in support of learning, engagement and employment. 4. Measure and manage outcomes related to effectiveness and evaluation of innovation. Online, Hybrid, and Blended Learning George Brown College’s highly regarded simulation software enables students to study electronics, electro- mechanics, robotics and automation via distance education. These asynchronous programs reach a diverse audience of students and minimize per-student training costs. In the Child and Youth Care program, students participate in virtual field trips, which enable them to enhance their global perspective and see child and youth practitioners at work. The