and multinational companies  Professional associations and sector organizations  Universities and colleges  Hospitals and long-term care facilities  Players in the innovation system (i.e., Regional Innovation Centres, the Industrial Research Assistance Program, Network Centres of Excellence)  Local incubators and accelerators (campus-linked and non-campus-linked)  City of Toronto  Provincial and federal governments  Community organizations Looking Forward George Brown will continue to build and sustain partnerships, capacity, funding, and infrastructure for its existing research framework. It will also invest in capacity in other areas of strategic regional importance, including design; fashion/wearables; product design and development; connected cities; social innovation; inclusive/universal design; wellness; and aging in place. George Brown has plans to leverage its areas of excellence to enhance and add to its international research partnerships. 4.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Food and Beverage Innovation George Brown College’s food and beverage research capacity is housed at Food Innovation and Research Studio (FIRSt) housed at the St. James Campus. This capacity serves the needs of the food and beverage industry through access to technical resources, state-of-the-art facilities and networking opportunities, enabling companies to grow and reach more customers. FIRSt accelerates new food ideas from concept to commercialization. Through FIRSt, the food and beverage industry can access George Brown expertise, technology and equipment to enhance productivity, competitiveness, and innovation; take products to market swiftly and cost-effectively; and access creative culinary faculty and student talent who benefit from the real- world, practical training provided by involvement in research and development projects. Design for the Smart Economy Innovation Exchange Toronto is the largest technology hub in Canada and the third largest in North America. It is home to 15,000 technology companies that employ 168,000 people and generate $52 billion in revenue each year.3 Digital technologies are revolutionizing how these companies develop products and serve customers. Across all sectors, there is a shift from engineering-driven to design-driven products, from product-centred to customer-centred development models and from marketing-focused to user-focused business models. Many companies face 3 Invest Toronto. "Toronto's Tech Sector" (PDF). Invest Toronto. Retrieved 2015-11-18.  19 technical and business model challenges in embracing this shift. Overcoming these challenges is the focus of the George Brown College’s Innovation Exchange, part of the Design Centre for the Smart Economy. The Innovation Exchange will help small and medium-sized enterprises in Toronto’s technology sector adopt new approaches to designing and developing customer experiences, digital service design ecosystems, computing platforms and alternative user interfaces. George Brown College faculty and student expertise — in gaming and interactive digital media; interaction design and development; user experience and user interface design; usability testing and validation of technology; virtual effects; graphic design/branding; and information technology — will catalyze innovation in small and medium-sized enterprises. The Design Centre for the Smart Economy research vision aligns with key stages of the design process that are essential to fostering innovation and outputs that lead to successful commercialization. Product Development Exchange George Brown College’s Product Development Exchange enables small and medium-sized enterprises to develop fully validated prototypes, integrate product design and development into their business models and