Laurel Walzak weighs in on curriculum development and helps organize special events that connect students with senior-level professionals. She’s also the donor behind the college’s Future Women in Sports Business Award, providing funds and mentorship to a female student entering the industry. Laurel kicked off her own career as a student in our Sport and Event Marketing program, gaining the knowledge and skills she needed to become a leader in the field. Now that she’s the NHL’s director of integrated sales, Laurel is committed to ensuring other graduates – and future employees – are just as well prepared. leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p24 in Cities aroUnd the World George Brown may be located in the heart of downtown Toronto, but our influence is felt around the world. We’ve built strong partnerships with educational institutions and businesses across the globe, from Jamaica to China, and the list is always growing. Faculty, Hospitality & Culinary Arts George Brown College Our educators are passionate about After an initial trip in 2010, Chef Measson providing unique learning experiences. has expanded the program by arranging “Everything tastes different in France,” summer internships for some of the explains George Brown faculty member students. It’s an unforgettable learning Chef Christophe Measson, who moved to experience, and the start of a fruitful Canada 13 years ago and has been teaching relationship between George Brown at George Brown’s Chef School for nine. and ENSP. To give his Baking & Pastry Arts students first-hand knowledge of his native cuisine, he’s been organizing trips to Yssingeaux to tour local restaurants, wineries and markets, “e verything tastes and participate in workshops at the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Pâtisserie (ENSP), different in France.” a premier French pastry and baking school. leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p26 Our students study abroad DenMARk IRelAnD GeORGe BROWn COlleGe TOROnTO, CAnADA GeRMAnY FRAnCe uSA ITAlY CuBA JAMAICA InDIA ST. luCIA PAnAMA Graduate 2012, Culinary Arts – Italian Recipient, Ontario Global edge Funding Chef, Canadian High Commission new Delhi, India Brian Cheng’s career in the culinary arts While in Italy, Brian completed an externship has already taken him around the world, at Michelin-star restaurant Locanda delle from Italy to India. After building a strong Tamerici in La Spezia, where he developed foundation of kitchen skills in our Cook not only his cooking technique but also a Apprenticeship program, Brian enrolled taste for working abroad. Not long after SOuTH kOReA in Culinary Arts – Italian, a partnership graduation in Toronto, he was packing his program that includes a semester spent bags again – this time for a nine-month CHInA abroad, with courses at international Italian assignment as chef at the Canadian High cooking school ALMA, located near Parma. Commission in New Delhi, India. HOnG kOnG “Working abroad strengthened my confidence. It gave me the level of focus I needed to be able to work outside my comfort zone.” leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p28 bUilding oUr foUndation Toronto’s skills mismatch is accelerating and threatening to bottleneck our economic growth. To solve