any of to hire a George Ontario’s other Brown graduate in 23 colleges over the next 24 months.8 the last 10 years.5 • Our Foundation • More than 200,000 awarded 1,117 students have student scholarships graduated from in 2014/15 with George Brown since a value of more 1967, and more than than $1 million. 62% of them have stayed in Toronto.6 • George Brown leads the GTA colleges in graduate employment rates at 82.8%.7 ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 3 Today’s decision, tomorrow’s career Months before the LIAISON OFFICERS are first day of class, often a prospective students put their student’s first point career clarity to the of contact with George test by choosing Brown. Speaking at which post-secondary college fairs, Adult program to take. Learning Centres, high At George Brown, schools, community we’re committed organizations and local to supporting this recruitment and career decision-making events, our experienced process with liaison officers share concrete information tips on choosing a and accessible program and career, tools and services. financing post- secondary education, preparing for college and much more. They also provide campus tours, and work with guidance counsellors to ensure high school students have access to the decision-making resources they need. 4 FUTURE IN FOCUS ENTRY ADVISORS help CAREER COACH is prospective students an online tool that identify the program provides up-to-date options that best align labour market with their educational information for the background and career Greater Toronto Area, goals, in addition to including salaries, answering questions employment growth about educational projections, current pathways, academic job opportunities and upgrading and related programs how to get credit for offered at George prior learning. Brown. Career Coach enables users to gain a clear understanding of the job prospects in a given field before they begin their post- secondary experience, so they can choose their path based on real-world intelligence. Learn more at cc.georgebrown.ca ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 5 Engaging in local democracy When George Brown hosted a mayoral debate in the lead-up to the 2014 municipal election, our students were eager to get involved. Students from across the college submitted questions for the candidates, while several instructors used the debate as a jumping-off point for class discussions about local government, accountability and civic engagement. Covering topics ranging from employment to transit, the debate offered a unique opportunity for students to engage with the issues that affect our city. 6 FUTURE IN FOCUS Early Childhood Education student Jhayvee Tampol asked the candidates about public access to affordable childcare, inspired by his field placement with the Ontario Coalition for Better Child Care. “Politicians should know the value of the work that early childhood educators do, and how this service contributes to the overall health and well-being of the population,” explains Jhayvee, an international student from the Philippines who plans to work in child care research and advocacy. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 7 “ Where do It’s a standard interview question, yet many job seekers you see struggle to answer it. At George Brown College, we help people yourself of all ages and experience levels bring their professional futures into in