well, complete the roll-out of the College’s Course Outline Mapping and Management System (COMMS), ensuring that all academic divisions and required service areas have transitioned to COMMS by the end of the year. Achieve agreement with MAESD on the next Strategic Mandate Agreement, consistent with the College’s strategy and the conclusions from the 2016-17 Program Portfolio Planning work. Implement the first- year actions arising from portfolio planning, including advancing the development of six new degrees, as well as new diploma and Certificate programs. Improve access to, and the quality of, work-integrated learning across the college. Consistent with the Strategy 2020 goal, in 2017-18 broaden Field Education opportunities to 98% of qualifying programs. Achieve broader faculty, student and industry engagement with applied research. Increase industry cash contributions to applied research by 10% over 2016-17. Increase the number of faculty and paid students George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - involved in research by 2%. Focus on improving research-partner satisfaction. Apply for 3 major institutional applied research awards. Advance Universal Design for Learning (UDL) practices across the college. Implement Phase 2 of the UDL action plan to widen access, increase engagement and inclusion to improve student retention and success. Key actions include: staff training; implementation of a Course Redesign Institute pilot; ASA service audit; and the development of a plan to address barriers to policy compliance. Advance supports for Indigenous student success at GBC, with strengthened staffing. Improve data management/reporting on Indigenous student participation and graduation rates. Plan for promoting Indigenous education that aligns to the Truth and Reconciliation recommendations. Promote student entrepreneurship across the college. Increase the capacity and impact of startGBC, with improved student workspaces, and a 10% increase in 2017-18 of both the number of students supported through startGBC and the number of mentors active in the program. Invest In the Creation and Stewardship of High Value and High Performing Partnerships Implement and nurture new partnerships strategically aligned with Divisional objectives both domestically and internationally, and continue to formalize/implement key strategic partnerships by Division, including with industry and community partners. Continue to accelerate academic internationalization across the College including embedding of international content in programs, expanded placements and study abroad, and partnership expansion in Europe, Asia and the USA. Continue to develop university partnerships and articulations, consistent with ONCAT objectives and our own program-specific student pathways priorities. Be an Enabler of the Innovation Economy Open the final phase of the new Food and Beverage Labs facility for industry research and commercialization at 300 Adelaide St East. Expand our Fashion Exchange activities, with continued bridge-to- employment programming supporting Regent Park and the Toronto fashion industry, the growth of postgraduate programming to support George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - industry demand, and the expansion of production supports for fashion start-ups. Continue to expand applied research activity and opportunities for students, faculty and industry. Enhance and improve the overall student applied research experience, and the ability of students to transfer the skills learned to their job search and employment. Build a Sustainable Financial and Resource Model Meet enrolment targets, consistent with the SMA.