it’s a safe space where the barriers faced by other Iranian women diverse students can explore their options, as they build new lives in Canada. In fact, find support and become empowered. Or, her desire to support other women in her as she puts it, “George Brown is like my community is what led her to George Brown. family…it’s like my home.” Many of our students work directly with the public as part of their learning experience. Pop over to the Distillery District and you’ll find them entertaining audiences at the Young Centre for the Performing Arts. Stroll into our Chefs’ House restaurant on King Street East and see them prepare a fresh meal before your eyes. Head down to the lake and they’re providing health and wellness services at our Waterfront Campus. Everywhere you turn, our students are making a difference in the daily lives of Torontonians. “W hat I love about the Waterfront Campus is that there’s so much light coming in. It’s beautiful. You are overlooking the water, so even in the most stressful times it’s totally serene.” Maria Salken Student, Bachelor of Science in nursing Photo by Tom Arban Photography STuDenT ReSIDenCe TO OPen In 2016 Sharing a living space requires critical soft skills, such as co-operation, communication and tact. Beginning in 2016, George Brown students will have the chance to develop these skills in the college’s first residence. It’s just one more way we’re meeting our goal of offering a high-quality college experience both inside and outside the classroom. engaging indUstry in CUrriCUlUM How do we know what employers need most? We ask them. Our Program Advisory Committees (PAC) bring together industry leaders and George Brown alumni to work on program and curriculum development with faculty. By providing real-world insights and identifying needed sector-specific skills, volunteer PAC members help ensure that our course offerings are timely, relevant and reflective of industry trends. Graduate 2000, Sport & event Marketing (Postgraduate) Director of Integrated Sales, national Hockey league Program Advisory Committee member, School of Business “Volunteering on a George Brown advisory committee has been incredibly rewarding – from supporting future talent and networking with like-minded professionals to gaining a fresh perspective from new students each year.” As a member of the Program Advisory Committee (PAC) for George Brown’s School of Business, Laurel Walzak weighs in on curriculum development and helps organize special events that connect students with senior-level professionals. She’s also the donor behind the college’s Future Women in Sports Business Award, providing funds and mentorship to a female student entering the industry. Laurel kicked off her own career as a student in our Sport and Event Marketing program, gaining the knowledge and skills she needed to become a leader in the field. Now that she’s the NHL’s director of integrated sales, Laurel is committed to ensuring other graduates – and future employees – are just as well prepared. leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p24 in Cities aroUnd the World George Brown may be located in the heart of downtown Toronto, but our influence is felt