George Brown students receive at George Brown Management Degree program at George College with real-world health-related expertise. Dr. Lum College really sets them up for success. Brown College was the brainchild of a serves as Medical Director for the Fitness and Lifestyle We are very confi dent that through group of industry leaders through the Management Program and participates on its Program Advisory Committees (PAC). The role of PACs across the the academic and also the practical Toronto Construction Association. To have College is to bring industry leaders together to advise experience that they have acquired a program that breeds graduates who can academic divisions in an effort to ensure continued relevance and fl exibility of program curriculum. It’s a that they will be effective in leader- make a contribution right away in the critical role in guaranteeing students are ready for the ship roles with Delta Hotels.” construction industry as professional changing workforce and a role Dr. Lum readily accepted, constructors is an enormous step in the because it has allowed him to help shape the program and Janice Smith the quality of its graduates to ensure they have the latest right direction. We are thrilled to see Director, Quality and Recruitment information and training that the fi eld requires. Delta Hotels what is happening at George Brown and “When I was approached by George Brown to provide a extremely impressed with the people there medical perspective on curriculum, I thought it was an excellent opportunity to show students what will be who have turned this concept into reality.” expected of them in a clinical setting. I have been very impressed with how responsive the College has been to the John Mollenhauer President advice of those of us who are out in the trenches,” he says. Toronto Construction Association Wendy Dempsey Douglas Turnbull Rudy and Rita Koehler Vince Thomson CONTINUING EDUCATION INSTRUCTOR, DEPUTY CHAIRMAN OF TD SECURITIES INC. DONORS DONOR CENTRE FOR HOSPITALITY AND CULINARY ARTS CHAIR, GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE FOUNDATION Removing Roadblocks BOARD OF DIRECTORS Growing Gifts Paying Forward Arriving in Canada in 1956 from Germany, Rudy and Rita Fully Invested Vince Thomson has a lifelong passion for education, Koehler had little more than their belongings and a fervent Throughout her two decades working in corporate much like that of his role model, Jean Baptist De La Salle, a marketing and event management, Wendy Dempsey As Deputy Chairman of TD Securities Inc., Douglas Turnbull is ambition to build a new life. The couple accomplished more 17th century priest who spent his life establishing schools for had some great mentors who helped her reach the top used to taking a future-focused approach to income growth. than they dreamed possible. Rudy worked his way up from the poor and training teachers. Throughout his 50 years of of her fi eld. Currently she is an Event Marketing Manager He knows a good investment when he sees it. He says George machine maintenance technician to a position as a top teaching in Toronto and Montreal, Vince followed the example for SickKids Foundation where she