transforming everyday ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 | 1 AATIF HADI ALI Graduate - Fashion Techniques and Design program, 2010 At George Brown College, transformation happens every day. For our students, our faculty and our staff, it’s the unifying force that drives the diverse outcomes of an exceptional learning environment. Students choose us because we help them turn their providing students with the most updated skills every day into something new, exciting and full of required to do the job, today’s employers are looking opportunity. Each of our students has individual for more from our graduates. They’re looking for an transformational needs and ambitions, and many of innovative mindset and the soft skills to complement them will be entering careers in fi elds that are often technical skills. Their industries are placing greater undergoing transformations of their own. This demand on teamwork, customer service and evolution forms the foundation for Toronto’s future communication—skills that have traditionally been economic and cultural success, which will rely on cultivated through applied learning. the advancement of its knowledge sector and the By educating a future workforce that has the expansion of its most innovative industries and minds. technical and intellectual agility to respond to shifting At George Brown College we embrace transformation economic demands and one that addresses the city’s every day; in our curriculum, in our people and in our increasingly imminent skills shortage, George Brown connections with industry and community. Thanks to College lies at the forefront of the GTA’s social partnerships with more than 1,400 area employers, well-being. We are here to help the residents of George Brown College constantly refi nes and refreshes Toronto create a city that continues to live up to our programs to respond to the needs of today’s its world-class aspirations. workplace. And while at its core that still means ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 | 1 VICTORIA LUZ LEYVA LOAYZA Graduate - Business Administration – Marketing program, 2010 Anne Sado, Michael Eubanks, President Chair, Board of Governors, 2009-2010 Vice-President, Governance, and Architecture & Corporate/Diversifi ed Businesses Canadian Tire Corporation message from the president AND THE CHAIR OF BOARD OF GOVERNORS Perhaps the greatest advantage of serving as the Over the past 12 months we have realized great leader of George Brown College is the vantage point achievement. We have seen our students bring it provides. It’s a place where the future needs of home medals from the annual Skills Canada the city and its workforce can be seen, heard and, competition; witnessed the completion of our most importantly, shaped. $5 million Yes Chef! fundraising campaign to expand our Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts As you peruse this report, you will encounter the through the generous donations of our industry names, faces and stories of real people—students, partners; and celebrated the ground breaking of our educators, employers and donors—who have made newest campus on Toronto’s waterfront, which will personal and collaborative contributions that have allow us to help the province boost the number of enriched the applied learning experiences of those health professionals available to service our growing