medium-sized enterprises on technology development, product development and applied research projects; specialized support for emerging entrepreneurs across multiple sectors; and support for existing student-led businesses. The School of Management has created the Consulting Hub, a collaborative learning space that brings Centre for Business students, faculty and industry professionals together in a vibrant, fast-paced environment, focusing on real-world experience, partnerships and innovative and collaborative learning. It provides consulting services for small to medium-sized businesses and not-for-profit organizations.  21 4.3 Metrics and Targets 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Target Number of externally funded applied research projects 123 (2016-17 baseline: 112) Number of partnerships / collaborations with community / industry firms 209 (2016-17 baseline: 190) 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Number of faculty engaged in research Increase by 5% over 3 years* Number of research modules completed by students Increase by 10% over 3 years* *These are new metrics. Baselines will be established in 2017-18.  22 5.0 Innovation, Economic Development and Community Engagement This section recognizes the unique role institutions play in contributing to their communities and to economic development, as well as to building dynamic partnerships with business, industry, community members and other colleges and universities. It focuses on regional clusters, customized training, entrepreneurial activities, jobs, community revitalization efforts, international collaborations, students, partnerships with Aboriginal Institutes and a program mix that meets needs locally, regionally and beyond. 5.1 Institutional Approach to Innovation, Economic Development and Community Engagement Innovation, economic development, and community engagement are supported by on-campus entrepreneurship and social innovation activities. The Office of Research and Innovation at George Brown College supports these initiatives by acting as a single point of contact, allowing the community at large to connect with college expertise and providing access to its network of partners in the national and regional innovation systems. George Brown’s technology and specialized research facilities support economic development by giving industry access to state-of-the-art equipment and expert advice as they develop, test and launch new products and services. Access to these services is particularly beneficial for small and medium-sized enterprises, which may not otherwise be able to engage in research and development. George Brown contributes to the prosperity of the GTA, Ontario and Canada by leading and partnering on initiatives that enhance innovation, competitiveness, efficacy and sustainability. It undertakes extensive research with employers — including its 2015 One Thousand Employer Research Study — allowing it to understand what employers want and value, and aligns its programs and course content accordingly. In late 2016, it commissioned Burning Glass Technology to provide it with the most up-to-date information on the jobs employers were seeking to fill in the GTA and Ontario. This evidence-based approach to program and content development ensures that George Brown is aligned with the economic development needs of the sectors it serves. Looking Forward Plans for the future include a new Transitions and Student Support Hub, a Training Accelerator and a new Solutions Lab. The Transitions and Student Support Hub will provide broader access to student success programming for George Brown learners, particularly those from underrepresented groups. The Training Accelerator Model will advance social