post-secondary school. This year, George Brown continued bridges to employment, and as a result, renewed hope and the himself: “What do I want to do when I grow up?” to expand its First Generation Project, with more than 1,600 creation of healthier communities. Since 2005, the College has After 17 years as a software developer, he wanted students benefi ting from its initiatives. built 65 partnerships with community agencies. The number a new career direction. After an extensive search, of projects and the rate of participation as a result of these Clayton selected the Mechanical Engineering partnerships have increased at a rate of 50 per cent in one year. Technology- Design program at George Brown College. This year he graduated as a Dean’s List Award winner with two diplomas—one in Mechanical Engineering Technology-Design and the second in Tool and Die. One of the highlights of Clayton’s studies was leading a team of students “George Brown College was the best educational to design and build an electric race car which later won the “Best in Show” award at an international experience of my life. I got everything out competition. This September he will begin a degree in Aerospace Engineering at Ryerson. He hopes to eventually design machines for use in outer space. of it that I wanted to extract. It was a great “As a mature student returning to school, I was very foundation for my future.” – Clayton Wozney focused. I knew exactly what I wanted to get out of this experience, and now all I want to do is continue learning,” he says. 1 Statscan/TD Economics, 2008 2 OCAS College Counts by Enrolment Stages, August 2009 Taran Dhillon Fanny Tam Devon Ishmael BACHELOR OF APPLIED BUSINESS DEGREE, FASHION TECHNIQUES AND DESIGN, 2009 PRE-APPRENTICESHIP IN FINANCIAL PLANNING, 2007 CARPENTRY PROGRAM, 2006 Navigating Change Fashion Passion Construction Project After 12 years as a navigational offi cer with the For close to 20 years Fanny Tam set aside her dream to Devon Ishmael found more than a job when he Canadian Armed Forces, Taran Dhillon decided to be a designer because she had to take care of others entered a carpentry pre-apprenticeship program return to civilian life. Back in Toronto, he found it fi rst. She arrived in Canada from Hong Kong at the offered through George Brown College – he found a diffi cult to translate his naval credentials to the job age of 15 to attend high school, and then attended new life. The Guyanese-Canadian immigrant grew up market. Taran decided to follow a long-held interest university to study accounting before settling down to in Toronto’s Regent Park and for a while seemed in fi nancial planning, entering into George Brown start a family. Almost 20 years later, with two grown destined for something other than a steady well- College’s Bachelor of Applied Business degree in children and an ailing father, she realized that if she paying job. Then he heard about the college’s Financial Planning. The program, which includes were to die tomorrow her one regret would be never pre-apprenticeship program,