is responsible, ethical, effi cient and sustainable. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 2 | 3 MARIE FUENZALIDA Graduate - Dental Hygiene program, 2009 proven partnerships At George Brown College, we identify the needs The Pulse of Innovation of an industry and transform those needs into Innovation is the key to ensuring Toronto’s future programs that fi ll a gap in the marketplace. We as a world-class economic and cultural mecca, and expose students to entrepreneurialism and critical collaboration is an inherent element of innovation. thinking, creating expert learners who are able to That’s why George Brown College developed our continually improve processes, products and services Offi ce of Research and Innovation; to provide as soon as they enter their fi eld of choice. innovative minds within the GTA the opportunity to This is achieved by strategically matching our take their ideas, concepts and prototypes to market program curriculum to the evolving needs of our with the guidance and input of tomorrow’s future industry partners with whom we are in regular leaders. Students from a variety of George Brown contact, and by offering students applied learning College programs are then given the opportunity opportunities both inside and outside the classroom. to collaborate and test their prowess in their chosen Through these links, we produce service-oriented fi elds of study by helping to bring an idea to life. graduates that are strong communicators, team In 2009 students from the nursing, electronics and players and have the technical knowledge necessary fashion programs came together to develop a new to excel in their fi elds of choice. approach to heart monitoring. Ocorant Inc., a Toronto-based company, had found a way to make the process less invasive through a small apparatus AN EMPLOYER’S PERSPECTIVE that did not require electrodes. Students from the CRAIG LESURF business, technology and fashion studies programs Senior Vice President, Construction leveraged the device’s compact form and found a way to seamlessly incorporate it into an attractive, Vanbots a Division of Carillion Construction Inc. comfortable vest. Hidden within the garment, the We helped create a construction management device maintains its functionality and allows its users degree program with George Brown College. They to discreetly monitor the health of their heart while approached our industry, assessed our needs and they go about their daily life. The end result was a delivered on them. We worked together to create practical product, a business success story of the curriculum and develop the program. It’s the innovation and an invaluable experience for the fi rst of its kind in Canada. students involved. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 4 | 5 Doris Chen Maria Nassiokas Bachelor of Applied Business, 2007 Fashion Management, 2006 When Doris began her studies at George Brown When Maria Nassiokas began her Fashion College in the Bachelor of Applied Business Management program at George Brown College, degree program, she never imagined she would she was already equipped with a Bachelor of be already working in her fi eld of choice well Commerce degree from McMaster University. before she graduated. But that wasn’t enough to launch her career in the