by another 5%. 11 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities George Brown provided leadership with its Captioned Media and e-Text policy that anticipated the draft Information and Literacy Standard under of the AODA. Captioned media collections grew 23%, up from 8% when the initiative first started. The implementation of an Integrated Assessment Centre model at the St. James Campus is helping provide improved support to students with disabilities when writing their tests and exams. Student Success Retention Increase yes Using persistence (See ) and Strategy rates graduation rate the college is making progress towards its goals. The college graduation rate is 73.1% - among the highest in the province. E-learning plan Satisfaction KPI Increase (07-08 73%) 08-09 71.3% Access to on-line courses has been expanded and there has been an increase of 14% enrolment in Ontario Learn Courses. A new 2 day workshop and 4 week blended course called New Online Teacher was developed to better address the needs of new online faculty. Over 2 million dollars was invested into improving technology in the classroom. We intend to continue to invest in technology and expand our e course offerings. MYAA Transition Year 2009-10 Please provide 3 to 5 examples of how your quality improvement strategies will be extended, consolidated and/or best practices applied in 2009-10 in the following space: Strategy / Program Brief Description 1. Curriculum Continuing to work with program faculty to improve curriculum particularly in improving student feedback. Specialists Implementation of a web based course outline management tool which will facilitate monitoring quality. 2. Communications Revising communication remedial courses for native and non-native English speakers. Skills Project 3. Library Learning Expansion projects designed to increase access to collaborative learning space and computers are going Commons forward. In support of the AODA Information and Communication standard, the LLC will implement a strategic initiative project, beginning September/October that will improve and expand LLC services for students with disabilities. Library Instruction is being extended beyond first year classes to include specialized training sessions for upper level classes The implementation of the Integrated Assessment Centre model at St. James is helping consolidate testing activities in the College by facilitating a full-support testing structure at both main campuses. 4. Student Success Continued implementation of the plan under the 3 pillars – ongoing orientation, academic competence and 12 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities early alert interventions. Starting in September we are increasing our course offerings by another 10% and also have four new 5. E- learning plan certificate programs, namely Office Assistant, Office Bookkeeping, Medical Office Transcription and Online Instruction Certificates. Planning for a 4 week series on Mobile-learning that will involve a number of faculty currently engaged in research related to this topic. Please outline how you will continue to monitor and evaluate the outcomes of these strategies in 2009-10 in the following space (e.g. through KPI surveys, retention rates): Strategy / Program Brief Description of Monitoring and Evaluation of Outcomes 1. Curriculum Through KPI and Student Feedback Questionnaires Specialists 2. Communications Graduate and Employer communication question on the KPI and impact retention rate