SHAPING OUR FUTURE ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 1 The Path to Leadership Inspired by a commitment to achievement through excellence in teaching and applied learning, we will set the benchmark to which all colleges will aspire and be recognized as a key resource in shaping the future of Toronto. With this vibrant and dynamic drive, we will build a seamless bridge between students and employers as we develop workplace-ready graduates who will be their candidates of choice. Energized by the principles of access and diversity, we will create a community grounded in mutual respect and accountability in everything we say and do. GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE’S CORE VALUES LEARNING COMMUNITY EXCELLENCE ACCOUNTABILITY DIVERSITY AND RESPECT We foster an environment of We commit ourselves We hold ourselves We show mutual respect reciprocal dialogue to ensure to delivering a “George responsible to ensure the for each other within the learning, solve problems and Brown College standard” future sustainability of community of George Brown strengthen the George Brown of quality and superior George Brown College – College, including all of our College community. performance. academically and fi scally. stakeholders, in all our behaviour. “ What is most remarkable about this moment in our history is not how far we’ve come, but how much further we will go in the foreseeable future. With a strong legacy to draw from and the help of our partners, the potential for the future – of Ontario, its industries and communities – is immense. Now is the time for the industry and business leaders who are eager for new possibilities to join us in embracing that future.” – Anne Sado, President, George Brown College ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 3 Anne Sado, Chris Boyle, President, Chair, George Brown College Board of Governors, 2007-2008 Shaping Our Future Wherever we turn, major change is upon us: in our cities, our industries and in the community. George Brown College is no exception. With the magnitude of growth currently underway, the spirit of excitement around the College is at an all time high. In 2007, George Brown celebrated the 40th anniversary of its founding. This year we enter our next 40 years with a renewed sense of pride and optimism. As we look ahead, the College, arm-in-arm with its industry and community partners, is on the cusp of major expansion – a great step forward offering extraordinary opportunities for students and employers. There have been undeniable signposts pointing to this growth. Driven by increasing demand for its programs, George Brown College has nearly doubled in size since 2000. With a new campus scheduled to open in Fall 2011, we will expand the College’s capacity again by nearly a third and play a central role in the revitalization of Toronto’s waterfront. Expansion and renovation of new and existing buildings at the St. James campus, including the opening of The Chefs’ House, the Chef School’s new open concept restaurant on King Street, will bring even greater public exposure for George Brown and its future graduates. While these developments are considerable on their own, the future