1. Access and immigrant education 2. Business management 3. Business marketing 4. Community health 5. Construction 6. Culinary and hospitality 7. Dental health 8. Design 9. Early childhood education 10. Information and communication technology Program Areas of Expansion 1. Digital economy 2. Health and social outcomes 3. Business and management 4. Infrastructure renewal and sustainability 6.5 Apprenticeship George Brown College is known and respected in the construction sector and it aspires to be the major trainer for a broad range of apprenticeships. One example of our deep connection to the construction industry is our degree program in Construction Management. This degree was the first of its kind in Ontario and developed at the request of and with support from, the Toronto Construction Association. The GTA construction boom has led to an increased number of construction projects that require apprentices. George Brown provides a comprehensive suite of support services for apprentices, including specialized math courses and counselling services on site. To attract apprentices, George Brown College plans to engage high school students, promote apprenticeship opportunities, and deliver Ontario Youth Apprenticeship for three trades: plumber; refrigeration and air conditioning systems mechanic; and electrical: construction and maintenance. George Brown regularly provides tours of its shops for high school students at the request of teachers and it collaborates with the Community Partnership Office to organize events such as Exploring Technology in the City (Toronto District School Board) and Promoting Skilled Trades and Technology (York Region School Board). George Brown also plans to promote apprenticeship at many events across the province. It will partner with Skills Canada to offer the Women’s Career Exploration event (SKILLS) — a one-day event to promote trades and technology programs to female high school students. It will also work with the Canadian Apprenticeship Forum to deliver a one-day immigrant youth event, and with BOLT/Tridel for a one-day youth event called Day of Discovery. It will continue to promote its programs at the Ontario Colleges Information Fair.  30 George Brown is actively involved with the Ontario General Contractors Association and BILD, and it will host a booth at the annual Construct Canada show in December. It participates in the annual Ontario General Contractors Association Symposium and partners with Toronto Construction Association and the Ontario General Contractors Association and private companies to host events such as the League of Champions Work Safety Leadership Seminar. 6.6 Financial Sustainability The Ministry and George Brown recognize that financial sustainability and accountability are critical to achieving institutional mandates and realizing Ontario’s vision for the postsecondary education system. To this end, it is agreed that: It is the responsibility of the Board of Governors and senior administrators of the College to identify, track, and address financial pressures and sustainability issues. At the same time, the Ministry has a financial stewardship role. The Ministry and the College agree to work collaboratively to achieve the common goal of financial sustainability and to ensure that Ontarians have access to a full range of affordable, high-quality postsecondary education options, now and in the future. The College remains accountable to the Ministry with