One Thousand Employer Research Study — allowing it to understand what employers want and value, and aligns its programs and course content accordingly. In late 2016, it commissioned Burning Glass Technology to provide it with the most up-to-date information on the jobs employers were seeking to fill in the GTA and Ontario. This evidence-based approach to program and content development ensures that George Brown is aligned with the economic development needs of the sectors it serves. Looking Forward Plans for the future include a new Transitions and Student Support Hub, a Training Accelerator and a new Solutions Lab. The Transitions and Student Support Hub will provide broader access to student success programming for George Brown learners, particularly those from underrepresented groups. The Training Accelerator Model will advance social and economic development in Toronto by working with community and industry partners to create and deliver programs that focus on advancing students’ skills and career opportunities. The new Solutions Lab will mobilize stakeholders on issues of access to education and will collaboratively examine and address barriers to postsecondary success.  23 5.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Innovation Exchange Set to open in 2018–2019, George Brown’s new 103,000-square-foot facility at the Daniels City of the Arts development on the Toronto waterfront includes space for hands-on learning and collaboration among students and with industry partners. It will also be home to the Innovation Exchange. At the Innovation Exchange, students and businesses can team up and bring new ideas to market. Its facility and programming have been designed to meet workforce demands by providing specialized, industry-identified skills training. The Innovation Exchange will be a living laboratory for testing commercial ideas, concepts and user functionality while giving students hands-on experience beside the industry’s most innovative creators. The exchange will include 5,000 square feet of workshop space; gallery spaces; industry-college classrooms to connect students with employers; the Future Ways of Living laboratory and showcase; an immersive media lab; a virtual and augmented reality laboratory; a usability and testing laboratory; a maker space; a visualization and simulation laboratory; and a design and innovation showcase, accessible to industry and to the public. StartGBC Since 2014, startGBC has been the gateway to entrepreneurship at George Brown College and beyond. StartGBC fosters a culture of entrepreneurship across George Brown campuses and programs by providing online resources, collective experiences and events and individual mentoring and capacity-building for students, alumni and members of the community. It works through the Office of Research and Innovation to promote innovation literacy, equipping graduates with the ability to recognize opportunities and take effective action as entrepreneurs or intrapreneurs. Nearly 100 entrepreneurs have registered with startGBC, and thousands have attended startGBC events and programs. StartGBC collaborates with organizations across the GTA on initiatives to advance social and economic prosperity. Through Digital Main Street, in collaboration with the City of Toronto, George Brown students act as a Digital Service Squad to increase the digital capacity of small businesses in neighbourhoods across the city. DementiaHack works with Facebook and several industry and community partners on projects to improve the lives of dementia