Comments • The Ministry notes that George Brown plans to expand in its areas of strength by 25 programs; these are generally supported by outcomes and program infrastructure. • The Ministry notes George Brown's plans to develop and implement a suite of degree programs, which will increase student pathways. 8 4.3 Metrics Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics • Proportion of enrolment at colleges by occupational cluster and by credential • Institution's system share of enrolment by occupational cluster and by credential • Number of apprentices in each trade 5. INSTITUTIONAL COLLABORATION TO SUPPORT STUDENT MOBILITY This component profiles partnerships between institutions that ensure students have access to a continuum of learning opportunities in a coordinated system. This may include, but is not limited to, credit transfer pathways and collaborative or joint programs between or within sectors. 5.1 Areas of Institutional Strength George Brown College focuses on improving collaboration, pathways, and student mobility. Collaboration to support student mobility is a strength at George Brown: • Through the Ontario Council on Articulation and Transfer (ONCAT), leading or co­ leading the college-to-college business articulations in accounting, human resources, and marketing, and the technology construction technician to technologist. • Articulation agreements with approximately 40 institutions nationally, internationally, and within Ontario, Including Ryerson University, Lakehead University, York University, University of Waterloo, Trent University and the University ofToronto. • Academic partnerships worldwide include: Culinary partners in Italy, France and India; Hospitality and Construction partners in China; Game Design partners in India; a Fashion partner in England; and Design, Architecture and Information Technology partnerships in Denmark. 5.2 Additional Comments • 2012-13 Ministry data indicates that George Brown has a high number of college graduates (252) enrolled in university programs in comparison with other Ontario colleges. 9 Institutional Strategies • George Brown is in discussion with a number of Ontario institutions to develop more articulation agreements and joint degrees. • The College, Carleton University and OCAD University are committed to the development of articulation agreements and joint programs. 5.3 Metrics Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics • Number of university graduates • Number of college and university or those with some university pathways and/or articulation agreements credits enrolled at college (college-college, college-university, • Number of Dual Credit students university-college) • Number oftransfer applicants and registrants • Number of college graduates enrolled in university programs ASPIRATIONS The Ministry recognizes the importance of supporting institutions to evolve and acknowledges the strategic aspirations of its postsecondary education institutions; the SMA is not intended to capture all decisions and issues in the postsecondary education system, as many will be addressed through the Ministry's policies and standard processes. a) Capital Expansion The Ministry notes the College's plans for phase two ofthe Waterfront Campus Design Centre for the Smart Economy and ongoing development of student housing. Requests for capital project funding are outside the scope of the SMA process. However, future capital projects should be aligned with the College's areas of strength highlighted in its SMA. Decisions regarding approval and/or funding for capital projects will be made within the context of the Ministry's long-term capital planning process and the