It’s also opened her eyes to the wide range of career opportunities she could pursue outside the dentist’s office, from researcher to educator. Inquiring X FUTURE IN FOCUS “A rchitecture is really fast paced and you never know where a project is going to take you. Studying abroad showed me what my career is going to be like. It gave me an advantage.” BOJAN KARANOVIC Graduate 2015, Architectural Technology Exploring A career in architecture can take you any- where in the world, and Bojan Karanovic’s journey has already begun. Thanks to a partnership between George Brown and the Copenhagen School of Design and Technology (KEA), the Architectural Technology student spent a semester study- ing in Denmark. Not only was it a chance to challenge himself personally as he learned to thrive in a new environment and culture, he also gained professional insights from living in a country known for its leadership in sustainable and modular design. Bojan says his study-abroad experience opened his eyes to different ways of approaching architectural challenges, and enhanced both the job skills and people skills he’d developed at George Brown. Best of all, it helped him discover his passion for prefabricated modular housing – an area of career specialization he plans to pursue by bridging into KEA’s bachelor degree program through an agreement with George Brown. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 XI For as long as she can remember, Sina Tokhy has wanted to work in a labour and delivery ward. “It’s the best part of a hospital because that’s where families are created,” she says. This career goal is what led her to the Bachelor of Science in Nursing program at George Brown. And thanks to the generosity of our donors, she’s able to spend more time on her studies and less time worrying about how to pay for them. Sina was a 2015 recipient of the De La Salle Bursary, founded by retired teacher Vince Thomson in the name of Jean-Baptiste De La Salle, a 17th century priest who spent his life establish- ing schools for the poor. What started as a personal donation has grown to an endowment fund worth over $1.3 million through contributions from Vince’s friends, family and other supporters. Each year, this fund helps dozens of students like Sina achieve their educational and career goals in the Centre for Health Sciences & Community Services and the Augmented Education programs in the Centre for Preparatory & Liberal Studies. As a former teacher, Vince knows first-hand that education has the power to change lives, and his commitment to George Brown enables him to continue building his legacy of supporting students. Empowering XII FUTURE IN FOCUS “S upporting George Brown has been very fulfilling for me. These students are compassionate and want to make the world a better place.” VINCE THOMSON Donor “ T his bursary is going to help me with the cost of tuition, textbooks and transportation. It will take the stress off me and Empowering my family.” SINA TOKHY Student, Bachelor of Science in Nursing; Recipient, De La Salle Bursary ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15