skills to respond to labour market needs that are changing from month to month. George Brown College aspires to be at the forefront of this change, anticipating and meeting the evolving requirements of industry and of learners. It will design programs and pedagogies that meet the demands of the fourth industrial revolution. It aspires to be the college of choice for adult learners who are seeking flexible options to upgrade their skills or re-train for new employment opportunities.  6 Shared Objectives and Priorities for Differentiation 1.0 Student Experience This section captures institutional strengths in improving student experience, outcomes and success. This section recognizes institutions for measuring the broader learning environment, such as continuity of learning pathways; retention; student satisfaction; co-curricular activities and records; career preparedness; and student services and supports. 1.1 Institutional Approach to Improving Student Experience George Brown College’s commitment to field education, applied research, industry and community partnerships, up-to-date curricula and the student experience outside the classroom serves its goal of being the college that best prepares students for the workforce. George Brown believes that a high-quality student experience — for everyone from applicants to alumni — is fundamental to preparing students for career success. A key component of Strategy 2020, George Brown’s 10-year strategic plan, is improvement of the student experience. To support the plan, George Brown conducted an extensive study to identify the best opportunities for achieving this goal. In addition to undertaking a comprehensive literature review and meeting with focus groups, it surveyed thousands of students and identified the top student-experience priorities. Key successes to date include the opening of George Brown’s first student residence in the fall of 2016, the redesign of orientation, a college-wide initiative to create study and peer-to-peer learning spaces and leveraging technology to digitize the student experience. George Brown continues to implement changes based on study findings. By making improvement of the student experience a guiding principle, George Brown has made great strides in improving student retention, satisfaction and engagement. As a result, it received its highest-ever student satisfaction key performance indicator score in 2016. Looking Forward Digitizing the Student Experience George Brown will continue its commitment to exploring and adopting new digital platforms that improve the student experience. Every year it launches or significantly expands another platform. In the last four years, it has introduced digital services and mobile applications that allow students to access many college services anywhere, anytime and on any device. By examining the student digital experience, George Brown has identified students’ digital touch points and embarked on a new service-oriented culture, unifying experiences and providing a 24/7 learning and service environment. The move to anywhere/anytime education does not displace traditional interactions between faculty members and students; instead, it supplements the in-class experience and provides a more seamless approach to out-of-class components. George Brown is revamping its systems, enhancing the student mobile  7 experience and improving the availability of applications outside classrooms and laboratories. It will also deliver online collaborative learning tools, such as Microsoft® Office 365™. 1.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Student Retention Project In