child care centres in a Toronto office building. Toronto Mayor Art to this day, as we work to respond to the Truth and Reconciliation calls to action. Julia Child spends a day in Toronto signing cookbooks, tasting local Eggleton presides over a celebratory balloon release at the office Our Indigenous Services and Education team also supports students through foods and performing a cooking demonstration for our culinary building at Bay Street and Queen’s Quay. cultural workshops; personal, academic and traditional counselling; and events like students, allegedly “hampered by glitches with some blunt knives.” our annual Pow Wow. Despite that minor hiccup, 78-year-old Child is as sharp as ever. Future visiting chefs would include Jamie Oliver, Gordon Ramsay, Paul Bocuse, Alain Ducasse and Massimo Bottura. 2007 2012 2013 Applying research to practice 2003 Wellness by the Waterfront A new order: Recognizing a decade of growth Our Office of Research and Innovation is established. In one of its first applied research projects, George Brown professor Jamie Developed as a core element of Toronto’s waterfront Current George Brown College President Anne Sado is appointed A new degree of achievement McIntyre develops a circuit board so tiny – five thousandths of one revitalization, George Brown’s Daphne Cockwell Centre for a member of the Order of Canada by His Excellency the Right George Brown becomes one of the first nine Ontario colleges inch – it can fit atop a pen. Created for Bloorview Kids Rehab, the Health Sciences brings a dynamic student presence to the Honourable David Johnston, Governor General of Canada. Sado authorized to offer bachelor degrees with the launch of our mini circuit board is an early prototype to make it easier to assess emerging East Bayfront community. The new Waterfront is recognized for enhancing the role of colleges in the education Bachelor of Applied Business (Financial Services) program, or BAB. the handwriting abilities of children with cerebral palsy, muscular Campus is home to the Sally Horsfall Eaton School of Nursing, sector and bringing new vision to George Brown. It’s our first college degree program, but not the first pathway dystrophy and other challenges. named for George Brown’s inaugural chancellor. Installed that to a bachelor for our students. The BAB program comes two same year, Horsfall Eaton is not only our first chancellor, she’s years after the creation of our collaborative Bachelor of Science in also the first chancellor at any Ontario college. Nursing program with Ryerson University and Centennial College. 6 Select photographs courtesy of George Brown College Archives 7 WHAT WE’VE BUILT SOME OF OUR RENOWNED ALUMNI 92% of employers are very satisfied 95% of our qualifying programs with the George Brown graduates they’ve hired.1 offered field education in 2016/17, and we plan to boost that to 100% by 2020. In 2016/17 the George Brown College Foundation issued To date, George Brown has received more than 1,421 scholarships valued at $1.8M. 2 $66.4 M In 2016/17 we offered 1,747 student researcher in research funding.4 experiences , including 203 research projects, providing hands-on experience solving real-world problems.3 George Brown has close to 50 international