during the learning as well as to provide this opportunity to 2005-2010 period. This commitment has been their students. recognized in a national competition that looks for Canada’s best employers. For the second year in a row, George Brown College has been named one of Strengthening GBC Positioning Canada’s top 100 Employers and one of Canada’s top Family-Friendly employers. For the fi rst time, George George Brown continued to grow its reputation in Brown has been recognized as one of Canada’s best Ontario, Canada, and internationally. diversity employers. The faculty and staff are both the drivers and recipients of these awards. Construction commenced on the George Brown Waterfront Campus. This new campus, supported A key component of staff success is ongoing fi nancially by the Federal Government through the professional development opportunities for faculty Knowledge Infrastructure Program, and by the Ontario and staff. George Brown is committed to “life-long Government, will allow the College to further develop learning” and supports its employees as they as a centre for excellence for education in Health continue to participate in professional development Sciences, allow for signifi cant space on existing and training. During 2009-2010, more than 1000 campuses to be freed up for much needed growth in employees participated in one or more of 423 other programs experiencing space shortages, and help internal courses or workshops. There was signifi cant the College become a vibrant centerpiece of the investment in learning opportunities for full-time and rejuvenated Toronto Waterfront. contract faculty focused on enhancing excellence in teaching and learning. In addition, the College During 2009-2010, two new active international reimbursed $248,000 in tuition assistance to faculty partnerships were established and fostered. Students at and staff that completed post-secondary courses George Brown have new international opportunities at leading to a certifi cate, diploma, or degree. the Institute for Apparel Management in India and Chongqing Foreign Language School-China. The George Brown Centre for Hospitality & Culinary The Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act Arts earned accreditation from the UK-based Institute came into effect in 2005. On January 1, 2010, the of Hospitality, a professional association promoting accessibility standards for customer service took effect high standards in management and education in the for Colleges and other public sector organizations. international hospitality, leisure and tourism George Brown has taken a leadership role among industries. Currently George Brown is the only Colleges with respect to training. Not only has George Canadian college offering programs accredited by the Brown created an effective training program for its own Institute, joining 20 other post-secondary institutions employees to ensure compliance with the accessibility from around the world. The Centre for Hospitality standards for customer service, it has also created a and Culinary Arts also completed the Apprenticeship model that has benefi tted colleges across the province. Enhancement Fund renovations of the Bake Labs. With input from faculty, staff, and students the College The Centre for Business opened the Institute of determined that the implementation of Offi ce 2007 Entrepreneurship and Community Innovation, a living would benefi ts both employees and students. This lab where George