opportunities will help the and shape the outlook of the city. From providing province address its skills shortage in important and critical services to the neighbourhoods surrounding high-demand professions. our campuses to transforming the life of an The new waterfront campus is designed to provide individual who is the fi rst in his or her family to students with interdisciplinary education through a attend a post-secondary institution, George Brown range of innovative learning environments, including College has a pulse on Toronto. an Interprofessional Learning Clinic and a Health We provide prospective students from traditionally Promotion Hub, where students will have the marginalized communities the opportunity to access opportunity to test various means of caring for affordable education that will earn them meaningful patients and conduct applied research that will and gainful employment. The result is an increase in enhance the fi eld. In addition, the new campus will quality of life for Toronto’s residents and the allow them to experience the realities of health care betterment of the communities in which they live delivery in Ontario. The students will provide and the industries to which they lend their inter-professional health care services to residents in newfound knowledge and skill. the surrounding East Bayfront community, including dental hygiene, orthodontics, hearing and fi tness tests, as part of their learning experience. Lakeside Learning Over the course of the construction phase, the In November 2009, George Brown College proudly project will generate 1,750 new jobs. The campus announced the ground breaking of the fi rst $175 will also serve as a hub to the East Bayfront million phase of its newest and most modern community, offering residents green space, as well campus overlooking Toronto’s harbour. The new as access to fi tness and recreation, all housed within waterfront campus is a manifestation of the an environmentally sustainable building that aims to partnership between George Brown College and meet the gold standard in Leadership in Energy and the federal and provincial governments. Funding Environmental Design (LEED). of $91.5 million for this project is being provided by the Government of Canada’s Knowledge Infrastructure Program and from the Ontario Government. Waterfront Toronto is also a partner in the development. This state-of-the-art facility ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 16 | 17 Louis Busch Serving and Learning Behavioural Science Technology, 2007 At George Brown College, we put our students to When Louis Busch graduated from high school he work, serving the communities surrounding our was content to make a life for himself as a forklift campuses through students in training. Whether operator. Yet, it didn’t take long for Louis to realize you’re looking for comprehensive business support he wanted to do more with his time at work. He through the Institute of Entrepreneurship and wanted to help people. He just wasn’t sure how. Community Innovation, a sumptuous dining experience at The Chefs’ House restaurant, access to Leveraging his undying curiosity about human reliable child care at George Brown College day care behaviour, Louis enrolled in the Behavioural centres across the city or the latest in orthotics from Science Technology (BST) program at