Supports program or other social assistance funding. "Women Transitioning into Trades" program for 30 disadvantaged women starting in September '09 5. Aboriginal Continue the implementation of the Aboriginal Strategic Plan elements described above. Strategic Plan Please outline how you will continue to monitor and evaluate the outcomes of these strategies in 2009-10 in the following space (e.g. through feedback, surveys, tracking participants’ progress, etc.). Strategy / Brief Description of Monitoring and Evaluation of Outcomes Program 2. Lead – The Community Partnerships Office has made a commitment to evidence-based educational practice. In line Educate-Apply- with this priority, we are currently finalizing a First Generation Tracking tool for 2009-2010 to assess the overall Deliver-Succeed effectiveness and efficiency of the Outreach, Transition, and Retention (OTR) Model. We aim to create a 6 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (LEADS) robust database that will track student engagement, academic grades, and post-secondary education indicators including application, acceptance, confirmations and registrations to GBC programs. In addition the database will include results from evaluations done through surveying, focus groups, and feedback forms. 3. School- We have developed a database that will enhance the quality of information we are collecting for all SCWI College-Work programming whether it be student information for the Dual Credit Program or secondary teacher information Initiative for one day events/workshops and curriculum development. In efforts of collecting correct student information for the Dual Credit Program, an online program application process/tool was developed and executed for the upcoming academic year. This will ensure that the information collected is correct leaving a small margin for error when inputting information in various internal and external systems. The process of student monitoring will be reviewed over the summer and will be revamped as part of our student success plan to insure that we are able to monitor the success of each Dual Credit student in collaboration with the secondary contact teacher and the college professor. 4. Second The new Second Career strategy will be monitored and evaluated by tracking student engagement, application, Career acceptance, confirmations and registrations to GBC programs (tracking student progress through BANNER – persistence and retention). In addition student and staff focus groups will be conducted and questionnaires evaluating the pre/post application process will be created and administered. 5. Specialized Ongoing research to evaluate outcomes for these programs. Monitoring student success in finding employment and Targeted or going on to further study. Programs 6. Aboriginal Track student persistence and success. This is difficult because there is no formal way to identify aboriginal Students students and track their progress. French Language College Collaboration MYAA Report Back 2008-09 This table applies only to the two French language colleges — Boréal and La Cité collégiale. Referring to your approved Multi-Year Action Plan, please identify your achieved results for 2008-09. If your institution has not achieved your proposed results, please explain the variance and your planned improvement activities in the column provided. Strategy / Indicator Proposed Result Achieved Explain Variance between Proposed and Program Result Achieved Results (if applicable) and Any Improvement Activities You Expect to Take Not applicable MYAA Transition