in our Cook not only his cooking technique but also a Apprenticeship program, Brian enrolled taste for working abroad. Not long after SOuTH kOReA in Culinary Arts – Italian, a partnership graduation in Toronto, he was packing his program that includes a semester spent bags again – this time for a nine-month CHInA abroad, with courses at international Italian assignment as chef at the Canadian High cooking school ALMA, located near Parma. Commission in New Delhi, India. HOnG kOnG “Working abroad strengthened my confidence. It gave me the level of focus I needed to be able to work outside my comfort zone.” leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p28 bUilding oUr foUndation Toronto’s skills mismatch is accelerating and threatening to bottleneck our economic growth. To solve this issue, we need to train more people with the skills employers require. But too many people are prevented from gaining these skills due to a lack of financial resources. That’s why we launched the $60-million Success at Work campaign to support the college’s expansion and to increase scholarships and bursaries. So far the response has been tremendous. Our supporters see George Brown as a place that’s poised for lift-off. They view a practical education the way we do – a smart investment in positive change. To everyone who supported us this year, we offer our gracious thanks. To those of you yet to join us, please consider donating to George Brown College Foundation. Together, we will make a difference. For more information, visit georgebrown.ca/successatwork Gordon Cressy, President Doug Turnbull, Chair George Brown College Foundation George Brown College Foundation Through the Success at Work campaign, 2010 – 2012 George Brown College Foundation is raising Initial phase of campaign raises over $7 million for Waterfront Campus development, scholarships $60 million in private sector funding to and bursaries support the college’s $250 million expansion vision and increase scholarships and bursaries. SePTeMBeR 2012 Waterfront Campus officially opens to students Thanks to our generous donors, the campaign has generated over $20 million in donations OCTOBeR 2012 and pledges so far. Student Association pledges a projected $6 million over 10 years, the largest collective pledge in George Brown history OCTOBeR 25, 2012 Success at Work publicly launches at Kaleidoscope Gala JAnuARY 17, 2013 Lalaine de Vera room is named after Toronto caregiver JAnuARY 29, 2013 Scotiabank pledges $1 million for international scholarships FeBRuARY 26, 2013 “Friends of George Brown College” campaign advocacy group launches FeBRuARY 27, 2013 Sally Horsfall Eaton School of Nursing is unveiled, recognizing the largest single gift in George Brown history of $4 million leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p30 CAReGIVeR HOnOuReD BY GeORGe BROWn COlleGe DOnORS To acknowledge the hundreds of extraordinary but largely unrecognized caregivers who live and work in Toronto, a group of anonymous donors named a learning space at our Waterfront Campus after one who had touched their lives. At a dedication event held this year, Toronto personal support worker Lalaine de Vera was honoured for her commitment to caring for a beloved family member. The event inspired students