for the year and delivered an operating surplus that will be used to fund high-priority capital projects. The College met all of the Ministry’s Financial Health indicators, improving 2 of the 7 benchmarks. 18-19 Operating Revenue by Source 18-19 Operating Expenditures $433 million $402 million Grants and reimbursements 162 Salaries & Benefits 248 Student Fees 225 Supplies & Other Expenses 90 Ancillary 34 Plant, Property and Capital 57 Other 12 Scholarships & Bursaries 7 Total 433 Total 402 The George Brown College Foundation transferred $1.19m for capital and projects and $1.5m for scholarships in 2018-19. Also in 2018-19, the College received over $4.2m in research awards, and almost $1m in investment from industry. The College’s Community Partnerships Office secured $3.65M in funding from Ministry and private sector funders. The College completed its first ever 10 year capital plan to assist in budgeting and business planning going forward. George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology The College continued to implement computer systems and networking upgrades to meet the needs of the future workforce and the increased digitization of all industries. The investments support the development of flexible learning environments, and enrich the teaching delivery with the interactive, collaborative technology and cloud based platforms that students expect from the institution. The Centre for Business implemented a Digital Marketing Studio, partnering with Hootsuite and Brandwatch, resulting in a classroom that includes real-time social media monitoring. The School of Design created two state of the art Virtual Reality computer labs, with inventory purchased through a CFI grant, and are implementing an inventory system to allow students to borrow high tech items such as VR goggles, gaming consoles, laptops and Apple watches. The College continued to increase employee productivity and efficiency through technology, seeing substantial increases in utilization of Office 365 and Microsoft Teams. The implementation of business planning software allowed collaborative and transparent business planning and reporting. The implementation of Digital Certificates now allows students to request, purchase and receive official transcripts online. Digital transformation projects continued in 2018-19, both in planning and implementation. The acquisition of a new Content Management System for the website will provide advanced website functionality for potential students, current students and staff. Build a High-Performing Organization The College completed the 2018 Employee Engagement Survey, with the ability for the first time to allow all employees, full and part-time, to participate. This led to our response rate increasing by over 50% allowing for a broader and more comprehensive view of overall engagement in the college. Results have been shared at the organizational and divisional levels. Action planning is underway, with plans to be completed by the end of August 2019. We continue to focus on employee success, which contributes to student success, through a targeted approach to teamwork, engagement, performance and development, including leveraging SMART goals and accountabilities in performance reviews for both admin and support staff. Employee development plans are tied to resource and succession planning, and allow for an organizational view, looking for key talent, roles and gaps. George Brown College 2019-20 Business Plan - 2019-2020 Key