tomorrow. of government to drive investment in innovation, while only 21 per cent think this responsibility belongs to the private sector. For a detailed look at the findings from our Toronto Next: Return on Innovation survey, please visit The reluctance to invest in innovation georgebrown.ca/TorontoNext.pdf is especially pronounced among small businesses. Only 24 per cent would invest in innovation if it offered long-term financial gains at the expense of short-term costs. anaiziT ajnaT yb otohP “I really feel that George Brown is helping us succeed as a business.” ReSeARCH PARTneR: GOOD ROBOT Majer teamed up with George Brown to test and commercialize the system. Staff Our applied research programs are helping and students were involved in technical Canadian innovators develop products and installation and troubleshooting, data services that can change lives. Alan Majer, capture and analysis, and developing the CEO of Toronto start-up Good Robot, is business plan and product rollout. one of these innovators. He’s the creator of a high-tech system that monitors the The results have been extremely promising: homes of elderly people for daily activities, Good Robot has already secured a such as the last time the fridge or medicine distribution deal with Centric Health, a cabinet was opened, and communicates leading Canadian integrated healthcare this information remotely with family services company. and caregivers. The Good Robot Family Monitoring System offers an innovative solution to two universal problems: caring for an elderly family member, and trying to maintain our own independence as we age. CeO, Good Robot “G eorge Brown’s Centre for Construction and engineering Technologies has made a great deal of progress advancing and accelerating smart construction practices and technologies.” Honourable Peter Van loan leader of the Government in the House of Commons MP, York-Simcoe leADInG THe CHARGe FOR GReen BuIlDInG We’re leveraging state-of-the-art technology to put students and industry partners at the forefront of innovation. A new facility slated to launch in 2014 as part of our Centre for Construction and Engineering Technologies will prepare students to become leaders in sustainable building design while providing industry with space to test and develop new products, services and methods. Industry partners will draw on faculty and student expertise in leading-edge facilities made possible by a $6.6 million investment from the Federal Economic Development Agency for Southern Ontario. This project is an excellent example of how George Brown is working with government and industry to drive innovation, improve the sustainability of our buildings and bolster the Canadian economy. COOkInG uP SuCCeSS In ReGenT PARk Equal parts social enterprise and dining destination, Paintbox enables its employees Paintbox Bistro has the recipe for success – many of whom are from Regent Park and and it starts with empowerment. Helmed by other priority neighbourhoods – to build the part-time George Brown College instructor confidence and skills they need to launch Chris Klugman, the bustling Regent Park new careers in the food and hospitality eatery is staffed primarily by former Ontario industry. The restaurant also provides a local Works recipients who have received basic hub for community events, while its unique kitchen training at