The employer shall consult with the employee making the request in determining the suitability of an accessible format or communication support. 3.6 WORKPLACE EMERGENCY RESPONSE INFORMATION George Brown College has prepared the Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures that outline emergency procedures to ensure the safety of the College community including the provision of individualized workplace emergency response information to employees who have a disability and who have made a request of their need for accommodation due to the disability. George Brown College will only provide workplace emergency response information to those involved in the employee’s individualized plan with consent from the employee with a disability. George Brown College reviews the information in the individualized workplace emergency response plan when the employee moves to a different location in the college, when overall accommodation needs or plans are reviewed, and when general emergency response policies are reviewed. The Emergency Evacuation Planning and Procedures policy is available in an accessible format on the college website. 3.7 DOCUMENTED INDIVIDUAL ACCOMMODATION PLANS The college’s Workplace Accommodation Policy outlines the commitment and steps the college will take in the development of documented individual accommodation plans for employees with disabilities. In accordance with the obligations under this standard, the process includes the following elements: • The manner in which an employee requesting an accommodation can participate in the development of the individual accommodation plan. • The means by which the employee is assessed on an individual basis. • The manner in which the employer can request an evaluation by an outside medical or other expert, at the employer’s expense, to assist the employer in determining if accommodation can be achieved and, if so, how accommodation can be achieved. • The manner in which the employee can request the participation of a representative from their bargaining agent, where the employee is represented by a bargaining agent, or other representative from the workplace, where the employee is not represented by a bargaining agent, in the development of the accommodation plan. • The steps taken to protect the privacy of the employee’s personal information. • The frequency with which the individual accommodation plan will be reviewed and updated and the manner in which it will be done. • If an individual accommodation plan is denied, the manner in which the reasons for the denial will be provided to the employee. • The means of providing the individual accommodation plan in a format that takes into account the employee’s accessibility needs due to disability. For more details, please consult the Workplace Accommodation Policy which is available on the college website. The individual accommodation plans may include, if requested, any information regarding accessible formats and communication supports and individualized workplace emergency response information. 3.8 RETURN TO WORK PROCESS George Brown College has a Return to Work policy, which is located on the college’s Human Resources intranet site. This policy outlines the steps that the college takes to facilitate the return to work of employees who were absent due illness or injury. The Return to Work policy outlines the ways in which accommodations are provided