GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview Introduction The 2017-20 Strategic Mandate Agreements (SMAs) between individual colleges and the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities outline the role colleges perform in Ontario's postsecondary education system and how they will build on institutional strengths to fulfil their mandate and support system-wide objectives and government priorities. Each priority area in the 2017-20 SMAs includes system-wide and institution-specific metrics and targets. The SMA Annual Report is used by the ministry to track progress on metric performance on an annual basis. The SMA Annual Report is also an opportunity for institutions to provide contextual information and a narrative associated with metric performance in the shared priority areas. Part 1. Overview introduces the institutional context for metric performance, overall and by priority area. Part 2. Data Workbook includes historical data and most recently available values for both system-wide and institution-specific metrics. For more information on the Strategic Mandate Agreements, please visit the Ontario Government webpage. Institutional Narrative Provide a brief description of the overall institutional context for the 2017-18 Strategic Mandate Agreement metric results. (max. 600 words) George Brown College continues to be a leader in responding to the digital disruption and broad economic changes facing Ontario. As evidenced by this report, our priorities include broad support for the digital economy; programs that improve health and social outcomes; business programs and programs that support infrastructure renewal and sustainability. Not unexpectedly, annual key performance indicators show that like other GTA colleges, George Brown student satisfaction was negatively affected by the fall 2017 faculty strike. We will continue to monitor subsequent reports to determine if there has been a lasting impact. We continue to work with our extensive network of industry, community, and international partners to ensure that we are preparing workers not only for today’s global workplace, but for the workplace of the future. Through our 68 program advisory committees and industry partners, in Toronto and around the world, we develop programs that provide industry with the talent they require to respond to emerging jobs in new sectors. This year offered many accomplishments and achievements to celebrate. • Top research college in Canada. For the second time in three years, George Brown College was named top research college by Research Infosource. We achieved top results across various categories including: first in research income; first in number of paid students in research; second for number of partnerships; and second for number of completed projects. We also offered 1,429 student research experiences, including 182 applied research collaborations with industry and community partners. 1 GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview • “Smart” welding lab. This leading-edge lab allows instructors to demonstrate and digitally document welding techniques and gives students a chance to practice in a controlled environment using realistic simulations. The smart lab also features an accessible welding station for people with special needs. • Architectural innovation in the form of the province's first tall wood institutional building. Designed to be a catalyst for sustainability and economic growth, construction like