students. This began in 2014 as a way to recognize excellence in research and innovation, and as a method to encourage student researcher achievement. Since that time, the badge system has continued to grow every year and now awards students for entrepreneurial activities as well. In 2017, we extended this to include a set of 12 badges awarded for completion of online learning modules in research activities. The modules employ a variety of digital learning content, appealing to a variety of learning styles. 3. Access and Equity This priority area recognizes institutions for their efforts in improving postsecondary education equity and access, and for creating opportunities that can include multiple entrance pathways and flexible policies and programming, with the focus on students who, without interventions and support, might not otherwise participate in postsecondary education. 3 GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Strategic Mandate Agreement Annual Report 2017-18 Part 1. Overview In 2017/18, George Brown College disbursed $132 million in OSAP and Ontario Tuition Grants to 13,800 students, and $7.6 million in scholarships & bursaries to 6,300 students. Among those awards, the George Brown College Foundation supported 983 scholarships worth more than $1.2 million. Since 2014, the college has been required to significantly increase its support for students who self-identify with a disability. This population has increased 45 per cent - far beyond the pace of enrolment- to 3,334 students. The Community Partnerships Office’s successful Dual Credit & School Within a College SWAC program provides opportunity for students identified as at risk with the potential to succeed with the unique opportunity to experience new and varied learning that appeals to their learning profile. 2017/18 saw over 750 high school students come to George Brown College. 87% of these students successfully completed their college course. George Brown provides a range of academic programming and supports for newcomers to Canada. Including Entry Advising Services and The School of English as a Second Language, the largest of any public college in the province. George Brown also maintained its focus on Indigenous teachings and cultural competence, including a 2.5-day retreat with more than 70 staff developing action plans to integrate increased cultural awareness into their work and lives, and collaboration with Miziwe Biik Aboriginal Employment & Training to create an Introduction to Construction Trades course. The purpose of the course is to prepare students with the necessary skills for a Level 1 Carpentry apprenticeship. 4. Applied Research Excellence and Impact This priority area captures institutional strengths in producing high-quality applied research on the continuum of fundamental and applied research through activity that further raises Ontario's profile as a globally recognized research and innovation hub. For the second time in three years, George Brown College was named #1 research college in Canada by Research Infosource for 2017, raising the profile of Ontario’s reputation in innovation and R&D. Since 2007, its work in Applied Research has made George Brown a meaningful enabler of Canada’s innovation economy, directly impacting its ability to train highly qualified and skilled personnel while helping local industry innovate, create new jobs and compete internationally. We promote Canadian innovation