candidates. 8 Workplace Accommodation Policy Role Responsibilities ● Acknowledge a request for accommodation within 3 business days and identify an approximate response time frame regarding next steps in the accommodation process commensurate with the complexity of the case. This may be conducted by whichever party is first notified (i.e., Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative). ● Provide reasonable accommodation solutions in as timely a manner as the complexity of the request permits. ● Ensure the accommodation includes and integrates persons into employment and activities in a manner that respects their dignity, autonomy and self-esteem. ● Ensure the individual requesting the accommodation is not in any way disadvantaged because they have sought or require a workplace accommodation. ● Respect that individual accommodation plans are developed on an individual basis. ● Communicate accommodation plans in a format accessible to the requesting party with a commitment to review plans, as appropriate. ● Ensure consultation with the Benefits Office Specialist when validating medical and/or disability information. ● Respect the right to privacy and confidentiality of all employees and candidates for employment. External Expert ● Third parties with specific expertise in different disability needs will be sought to conduct assessments and determine reasonable workplace accommodations as the complexity of the case requires. ● The process for the individual accommodation plan will include the manner in which the employer can request an evaluation by an outside medical or other expert, at the employer’s expense, to assist the employer in determining if accommodation can be achieved and, if so, how accommodation can be achieved. O. Reg. 191/11: Integrated Accessibility Standards Human Resources / ● Oversees the day-to-day functioning of the WA program. Human Resources ● Ensures consistency of application across the college. Consultant / ● Ensures appropriate training for staff involved in WA. Benefits Office ● Ensures appropriate general communication about the WA Specialist program. ● Maintains appropriate contact with the relevant parties throughout the WA process. ● Assists the Employee in understanding procedures and their responsibilities regarding the WA program. ● Acknowledges a request for accommodation within 3 business days and identify an approximate response time frame regarding next steps in the accommodation process commensurate with the 9 Workplace Accommodation Policy Role Responsibilities complexity of the case. This may be conducted by whichever party is first notified (i.e., Supervisor / Manager, Human Resources Consultant or Union Representative). ● Provides reasonable accommodation solutions in as timely a manner as the complexity of the request permits. ● Participates in WA meetings and the assessment and development of WA plans. ● Ensures the accommodation includes and integrates persons into employment and activities in a manner that respects their dignity, autonomy and self-esteem. ● Ensures the individual requesting the accommodation is not in any way disadvantaged because they have sought or require a workplace accommodation. ● Respects that individual accommodation plans are developed on an individual basis. ● Communicates accommodation plans in a format accessible to the requesting party with a commitment to review plans, as appropriate. ● Benefits Office Specialist validates medical and/or disability information. ● Respect the