full of them. with people from other mean the difference between of desire, will and areas of health care.” life and death. That’s because he’s replaced the old exam model with creativity. It’s amazing. something more like Dragons’ Den meets The Apprentice. warsha udit They carry the spirit Our Waterfront Campus was purpose-built for Students in his Sport & Event Marketing classes are interprofessional learning, with realistic healthcare presented with a real industry problem, then asked to of their experience “ I now have first-hand labs that allow students from different disciplines to come up with creative solutions and present them to a collaborate and learn from one another. In one exercise, panel of industry experts in unconventional settings like into their careers. It experience in a hospital Nursing students and ASL-English Interpreter students sports stadiums. In one class, students developed concepts all supports George setting as an interpreter, work together to take a Deaf patient through a health for a new athletic facility in Regent Park and pitched assessment. Interpreting student Staceyann Neil says the them to the Daniels Corporation. In another, they pitched which increases my Brown’s applied activity taught her the importance of clearly explaining executives at the Argos’ head office on ways to sell more knowledge about what her role to the nurse, while Nursing student Warsha Udit football tickets to their target demographic. Dubbed “Big learning philosophy.” learned how to respectfully engage with a Deaf patient !dea Exams,” these projects are the highlight of the school to expect.” year for many students, offering them the chance to peter widdis and their interpreter. For both, the experience provided staceyann neil an unforgettable lesson that knowing how to work with network with industry and prove that they’ve got what it others is just as critical as knowing how to take a pulse takes – from adaptability to event marketing skills. or interpret a sentence. 14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 15 INTEGRATING SOFT SKILLS THROUGHOUT THE COLLEGE EXPERIENCE As part of our commitment to delivering the well-rounded graduates employers are looking for, we’ve made soft skills an integral part of both our Academic Plan and our Student Experience Plan. Some of the ways we’re helping students build soft skills inside and outside of the classroom include: Prioritizing soft skills by pursuing pilot projects, developing a baseline of soft skill assessment across college programs, and continuing to research needs among employers and graduates. Striving to increase participation in workshops that help immigrant and international students understand the expectations and nuances of Canadian academic, workplace and social culture. Expanding our field education initiative so more students can gain real workplace experience. In 2013-2014, we met our target of offering field education in 80% of qualifying programs. By 2020, we plan to reach 100%. Encouraging extracurricular learning through our Student Leadership Academy, Student Association, Athletics and other opportunities. Creating more comfortable spaces for students to socialize, study and create informal groups on campus. Developing our first student residence, scheduled to launch in 2016, which will promote communication between students from a