Services and/or Human Resources. In cooperation with the guidelines for verification of Service Animals, Partners with a disability who use a Service Animal should formalize their accommodation need as required. Students would provide this documentation to their Accessibility Consultant, and Employees would provide this documentation to Human Resources, including the following: (a) Name and credentials of professional or evaluator; (b) Description of the current functional limitations; (c) Specific tasks the Service Animal will perform to meet the accommodation needs of the individual or assist with the functional limitations; (d) Proof of up to date vaccinations, as needed. In the event of a disagreement about the appropriateness of an accommodation, service quality, or an animal exclusion, a student should confer with Accessible Learning Services and staff should confer with Human Resources. If the matter is not resolved, both staff and students may confer with the college’s AODA Coordinator. Students / Accessibility If a student requires a formal accommodation for use of a Service Consultants Animal, they will work with their Accessibility Consultant to reflect Roles Responsibilities this in their accommodation plan. The Accessibility Consultant is responsible for contacting any impacted parties throughout the college. Additional procedures may be required to ensure the health and safety of individual departmental areas, including but not limited to the Culinary Arts program, the Construction program and the Nursing program, as well as field placements and practicums. These procedures should be made in partnership with all the relevant parties, including: the person with a disability, the program area, the practicum/field placement host (as appropriate), the college’s Office of Health and Safety, Accessible Learning Services and/or Human Resources. It is the joint responsibility of a student with a condition affected by Service Animals and their Accessibility Consultant to resolve any conflicting or competing accommodations: • Students with medical condition(s) affected by Service Animals should contact Accessible Learning Services if they have a health or safety concern about exposure to a Service Animal. • The student registering the concern will be asked to provide medical documentation that identifies their functional capabilities/limitations, allowing a determination to be made as to the need for and the nature of the accommodation. Employee / Manager Employees with a health or safety concern about exposure to a /Supervisor, Union Service Animal should speak directly with their Manager / Representative, or Supervisor, Union Representative, or Human Resources Consultant. Human Resources • The employee registering the concern will be asked to Consultant provide medical documentation that identifies their functional capabilities/limitations, allowing a determination to be made as to the need for and the nature of the accommodation. • If a workplace accommodation is required for employees with a disability, please refer to the George Brown College Workplace Accommodation policy. All Employees / The The College’s commitment and obligations under the AODA extend College to ensuring that all employees, volunteers, third-party contractors/consultants, paid students/interns, any persons who participate in the development of the college’s policies and all other persons who provide goods, services or facilities on behalf of the college are properly trained on the requirements of the