impact of these access and quality improvements over the transition year. You will find appended to this Report-Back Template a summary of consolidated access and quality improvement strategies developed from the previous Report- Back years. The expectation is that by strategically aligning activities and focusing on evaluation of outcomes that your 2009-10 year will provide the basis for your institution to develop a new Multi-Year Action Plan with corresponding targets in 2010. 1 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities A. ACCESS Increased Participation of Under-Represented Students — Measurement As stated in the MYAA, the ministry is committed to working with institutions and HEQCO to develop a system measure that will track the participation of under-represented students in a manner that is sensitive to privacy concerns. To assist with these efforts, please refer to the measurement methodologies outlined in your approved Multi- Year Action Plan to track these students, and provide the total number of students who have self-identified as a member of each of these groups. Particularly valuable are methodologies and results that complement those of the Ontario College Student Engagement Survey (OCSES). The ministry recognizes that these measurement methodologies may require students to self-identify, which may result in under-reporting. Individual students may belong to more than one group. In the cells counting respondents for each under- represented group, do not adjust for this potential double-counting. To the extent that you are able to do so, eliminate any double-counting in the column, “Total Number Self-Identifying as Member of Under-represented Group”. Student Groups in Your Student Population Total Number Self-Identifying as Students Member of Total Number First with Mature Measurement Aboriginal Generation Disabilities Students Under- of Students Methodology represented Francophone Surveyed, if (including description) # # # # Group Students applicable At this point in time, we are only able to estimate student groups through surveys (Student KPI, Ontario College Student Engagement) and students self reporting their status to various service areas of the college. Self-Identified (Aboriginal 400 - - - - - - Support Program). Self-identified (Student Affairs - - 1256 - - - - Dept.). 2008-2009 Student KPI - - - - - 74 8534 2008 OCSE. Figures were 56 175 74 30 284 5 796 rounded. Note: Figures may be over or under stated: a) OCSE relies on students self- selecting themselves to complete the surveys. Therefore, OCSE may not capture all student groups accurately and b) different methodologies are currently being used in Ontario to identify various groups. GBC’s definitions: First Generation: Students whose both parents did not complete post- secondary education. Mature: 19 years and older with less than high school completion 2 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities If you would like to provide any other comments, please do so in the following space: Increased Participation of Under-Represented Students — Programs/Strategies MYAA Report Back 2008-09 Referring to your approved Multi-Year Action Plan, please identify your achieved results for 2008-09. If your institution has not achieved your proposed results, please explain the variance and your planned improvement activities in the column provided. Strategy / Indicator Proposed Result Achieved