it has introduced digital services and mobile applications that allow students to access many college services anywhere, anytime and on any device. By examining the student digital experience, George Brown has identified students’ digital touch points and embarked on a new service-oriented culture, unifying experiences and providing a 24/7 learning and service environment. The move to anywhere/anytime education does not displace traditional interactions between faculty members and students; instead, it supplements the in-class experience and provides a more seamless approach to out-of-class components. George Brown is revamping its systems, enhancing the student mobile  7 experience and improving the availability of applications outside classrooms and laboratories. It will also deliver online collaborative learning tools, such as Microsoft® Office 365™. 1.2 Examples of Institutional Initiatives Student Retention Project In 2014, George Brown developed a college-wide, multi-activity strategy to improve student retention rates from year one to year two for multi-year programs. The strategy is built on six pillars: 1. Engage and enhance the quality of student/faculty connections college-wide. 2. Provide welcoming/accessible physical and virtual spaces for students. 3. Strengthen and embed policies that ensure flexibility, accessibility and support for all. 4. Engage staff in ongoing training initiatives focused on retention. 5. Deliver high-quality services and continually assess impact. 6. Engage students in decision-making and policy development. The framework supports the goals of increasing retention rates, building student strengths, engaging academic areas and instituting a college-wide culture of student success. As a result of this deliberative approach, retention rates have increased by five percentage points over three years. Specific initiatives of the student retention project include the following:  The Centre for Business has completed several research projects that target areas of high attrition, including a retention pilot that uses online support and an evaluation system that gives students more options for earning grades (e.g., projects, assignments and case studies). The results of the pilot are very encouraging and the failure rate in one program has declined by six per cent.  The School of Nursing has implemented new student success strategies for its Practical Nursing program, including mentoring, an early alert system, greater involvement from program coordinators, and realigning roles and responsibilities to improve overall program delivery and student advising. These strategies have been extremely successful, and retention is up 16 per cent.  The School of Fashion Studies has focused on students in challenging courses (i.e., courses with higher-than- average failure rates), providing support from subject-specific peer tutors. The tutors are senior students who lead weekly group study sessions in subjects such as economics, accounting, apparel marketing, and textiles. In a survey to assess this effort, many students cited peer groups as a contributor to their success and ability to remain in their program.  The School of Early Childhood has delivered tutorial classes for target courses in each year of the Early Childhood Education program and has fully used the class advisor model to create a smaller learning community. Retention will continue to be a key priority, and the College will develop and roll out new strategies and initiatives that build