a knowledgeable, skilled workforce. Provided by George Brown’s School of Fashion Studies, the two Fashion Exchange training programs are Apparel Fit Technician and Industrial Power Sewing. The purpose is to develop young talent, create job opportunities in the Regent Park neighbourhood and help to address fashion-industry skills shortages. Dual Credit and School Within A College In partnership with the Toronto District School Board, the Toronto District Catholic School Board, the Peel District School Board, the Dufferin Peel Catholic District School Board and the Ernest C. Drury School for the Deaf, George Brown College helps at-risk high school students reconnect with their education by creating innovative transitions from secondary to postsecondary institutions. Dual Credit Program The Dual Credit program is intended to help secondary school students complete their Ontario Secondary School Diploma and successfully transition to college and apprenticeship programs. Students take a college course and receive both secondary school and college credits upon successful completion. Since the program’s inception in 2007, 3,835 students have participated at George Brown College. In the fall of 2016, the program’s success rate was 90 per cent and its retention rate was 82 per cent. School Within a College The School Within a College program is a partnership between the Toronto District School Board, the Toronto Catholic District School Board and George Brown College. It offers grade 12 students the opportunity to earn secondary school credits and dual-credit General Education college credits on a college campus. The primary focus is to support students who have the potential to succeed in college but need an adult learning environment to complete their high school diploma and transition to postsecondary education. Since 2011, 648 students have participated in the School Within a College program and completed a total of 1,125 college courses. During that period, the overall retention rate was 94 per cent and the success rate was 87 per cent. As well, 489 students have participated in a one-month intensive summer School Within a College program.  25 5.3 Metrics and Targets 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Target Number of active Program Advisory Committees (PACs) All programs Number of employers engaged in PACs 1 per PAC Graduate employment rates 80.0% Employer satisfaction rates 92.4% Proportion of Graduates employed full-time 58.66% Proportion of Graduates employed full-time in a related job 44.07% 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Number of repeat research partners Increase by 5% Number of students using digital innovation badges on Increase by 10% LinkedIn/social media *These are new metrics. Baselines will be established in 2017-18.  26 Enrolment Strategy, Program Direction, Sustainability and Partnerships 6.0 Enrolment Strategy and Program Direction Enrolment Plan The purpose of this section is to identify institutional enrolment plans and aspirations. The enrolment projections are based on George Brown’s plans and assumptions for the coming years. As stated in the College Funding Formula Technical Manual, the introductory corridor midpoint in 2019-20 will be calculated based on the “three-year average, two-year slip”, the average of three years of enrolment two years prior to the funding year. 6.1 Domestic Projected Funding Eligible Enrolment Projected Eligible Full-Time Head Count Actuals