ANNUAL REPORT 2013-14 That little something extra. It’s what every hiring manager looks for, and what every job seeker needs to stand out from the competition. That’s why George Brown College prepares its graduates with the technical skills required by industry plus the soft skills employers value most. Construction managers who understand sustainable building practices how to communicate with clients. Financial analysts who can skillfully manage investments provide top-notch customer service. That little something extra can be a big plus. It adds up to a more successful future. For our graduates, for employers and for Toronto. Employers tell us they’re looking for the spectrum of workplace-ready skills through You’ll hear about business student Julia We hope these stories inspire you to support complete package. They want well-rounded field education, simulated work environments, Mackenzie, whose involvement with the George George Brown in this important work, whether candidates who have the hard skills necessary to applied research projects and countless in-class Brown College Student Association helped her by joining a Program Advisory Committee, get the job done plus the soft skills required to and out-of-class experiences. become an ambitious self-starter. partnering with us on field education or applied succeed in the workplace. research, or making a financial contribution. Empowered with the broad range of skills And you’ll get to know Joao Paulo Guedes, Ontario’s Ministry of Training, Colleges and employers are looking for, our graduates fill whose field education placement in India Together, we can ensure that Toronto’s next Universities provides a framework of Essential critical vacancies in Toronto’s workforce. They allowed him to build cross-cultural skills while generation of workers has the hard skills plus the Employability Skills in six categories – become the nurses, business analysts, marketers gaining the experience he needed to land a job soft skills necessary to build successful careers, communication, numeracy, critical thinking and and other skilled employees our economy needs at outerwear manufacturer Canada Goose. and a more successful city. problem solving, information management, to thrive and grow. Of course, our students aren’t the only ones interpersonal and personal skills – but at George In this year’s annual report, you’ll meet constantly honing their skills. In these pages, Brown College, we’re not stopping there. recent graduate Sarah Butler, who uses the you’ll see how George Brown’s staff and faculty We conducted our own research among GTA communication skills she learned at George are demonstrating their own capability to adapt employers to ensure we understood the specific Brown to build strong relationships with clients and innovate, as we develop new programs, needs of our urban community. We’re giving and subcontractors in her work for construction partnerships and facilities to meet the changing our students the opportunity to gain a broad company EllisDon. needs of our city. ANNE SADO JAMES MCPHEDRAN PRESIDENT, CHAIR, BOARD OF GOVERNORS GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE EXECUTIVE VICE-PRESIDENT SCOTIABANK RETAIL DISTRIBUTION, CANADIAN BANKING 2 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 ANNUAL REPORT 2013/14 3 “ Game design is like a soccer match – no matter how good you are, you’re not going to succeed without your teammates.” rohan naidu