GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE BUSINESS PLAN 2017-18 Approved by the George Brown College Board of Governors October 4, 2017 George Brown College is pleased to submit its business plan for 2017 - 2018 including a summary of 2016 - 2017 accomplishments and a look forward to key goals and priorities for the coming year. Our plan is set in the context of our Core Values, our Path to Leadership and our 2020 Strategic Plan. Core Values (LEAD) Learning Community: We foster an environment of reciprocal dialogue to ensure learning, solve problems, and strengthen the GBC community. Excellence: We commit ourselves to delivering a “George Brown College standard” of quality and superior performance. Accountability: We hold ourselves responsible to ensure the future sustainability of George Brown College – academically and fiscally. Diversity and Respect: We show mutual respect for each other within the community of GBC, including all of our stakeholders, in all our behaviour. The Path to Leadership Inspired by a commitment to achievement through excellence in teaching, applied learning and innovation: We will set the benchmark to which all colleges will aspire, and be recognized as a key resource in shaping the future of Toronto as a leading global city. We will build a seamless bridge between learners and employment as we develop dynamic programs, and workplace-ready graduates who will be the candidates of choice for employers. We will create a community of life-long learners, grounded in the principles of access, diversity, mutual respect and accountability. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - 2020 Strategic Plan In 2017 George Brown remains on track to deliver on the imperatives established in our Strategic Plan for 2020. Built on the success of our previous plan and guided by our Path to Leadership, the plan guides us on an ambitious journey to ensure we respond to the economic, demographic and societal changes that will shape the workplace over the next decade. By “understanding employment” we will know best how to equip our diverse learners for the world of work. We will equip them with the hard and soft skills that are valued by employers and the marketplace. Strategic Imperatives The strategic imperatives that underpin our plan are the crucial and critical issues that demand our attention and action. They are the “must do’s” to make good on the commitments in the Path to Leadership. They will act as guideposts to shape College plans in the years ahead. We have identified six priorities – three that will drive the change required and three that are supporting enablers. Drivers: 1) Prepare diverse learners for job success 2) Invest in the creation and stewardship of high value and high performing partnerships 3) Be an enabler of the Innovation Economy Supportive: 4) Build a sustainable financial and resource model 5) Leverage state-of-the-art technology 6) Build a high-performing organization George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - 2016 - 2017 Key Accomplishments Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success The College completed a successful CQAAP (accreditation) audit in early 2016-17. Accreditors deemed George Brown’s academic quality processes to be at a ‘mature’