.. Strategic Mandate Agreement (2014-17) Between: The Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities & George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology ff.> Ontario ONTARIO'S VISION FOR POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION Ontario's colleges and universities will drive creativity, innovation, knowledge, and community engagement through teaching and research. They will put students first by providing the best possible learning experience for all qualified learners in an affordable and financially sustainable way, ensuring high quality and globally competitive outcomes for students and Ontario's creative economy. GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE VISION/MANDATE Vision George Brown is committed to excellence in teaching, applied learning, and innovation. By understanding the path from education to employment, we will: • Set the benchmark to which all colleges will aspire and be recognized as a key resource in shaping the future of Toronto as a leading global city. • Build a seamless bridge between learners and employment as we develop dynamic programs and workplace-ready graduates who will be the candidates of choice for employers. • Create a community of lifelong learners, grounded in the principles of access, diversity, mutual respect, and accountability. PREAMBLE This Strategic Mandate Agreement between the Ministry ofTraining, Colleges and Universities (the Ministry) and George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology (the College) outlines the role the College currently performs in the postsecondary education system and how it will build on its current strengths to achieve its vision and help drive system-wide objectives articulated by the Ministry's Differentiation Policy Framework. The Strategic Mandate Agreement (SMA): • Identifies the College's existing institutional strengths; • Supports the current vision, mission, and mandate ofthe College within the context ofthe Ontario Colleges ofApplied Arts and Technology Act, 2002, and outlines how the College's priorities align with Ontario's vision and Differentiation Policy Framework; and • Informs Ministry decision making through greater alignment of Ministry policies and processes to further support and guide the College's areas of strength. The term of the SMA is from April 1, 2014 to March 31, 2017. The SMA proposal submitted by the College to the Ministry has been used to inform the SMA and it is appended to the agreement. 2 The agreement may be amended in the event of substantive policy or program changes that would significantly affect commitments made in the SMA. Any such amendment would be mutually agreed to in writing, dated, and signed by both signatories. GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE KEY AREAS OF DIFFERENTIATION George Brown is a comprehensive college in the heart of downtown Toronto, serving the needs of diverse learners and employers. The College plays an integral role in quickly and effectively responding to the labour market and applied research needs of the key sectors driving the city and the province's economy. The College has a successful record of identifying emerging needs in the economy, and developing programs and research projects to both accelerate growth in these areas and prepare students for in-demand employment. George Brown is also a strong community partner and supports the social health of many ofToronto's diverse communities. The College views students as lifelong learners and offers pathways from upgrading to