in the not-for-profit or international development sector. ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 XV “G raduating from George Brown, I feel more prepared than I did when I finished a previous post-secondary program, and I have a better understanding of the industry I’m getting into. I’m eager to start my career, so I can show what I’ve learned.” NICK EDWARDS Graduate 2015, Food and Beverage Management Embarking XVI FUTURE IN FOCUS “G eorge Brown’s convocation Six years ago, Nick Edwards had earned a post-secondary credential, but despite this ceremonies are a highlight achievement, he felt lost. Not only was he of my role as Chancellor. unsure about what to do next, he wasn’t As our graduates look to certain he had chosen the right field to begin with. After taking some time to the future with hope and reflect and explore his interests, he decided optimism, my advice is to to change directions, ultimately enrolling be persistent, creative and in George Brown’s Food and Beverage Management program with a greater confident – and to help understanding of his career goals. This make a better world clarity grew as he gained hands-on through their upstanding experience at the student-staffed Chefs’ House restaurant, and completed a character and contributions field placement at a busy Queen West to the community.” eatery, where he was exposed to the day- to-day realities of running a restaurant. SALLY HORSFALL EATON Even before convocation, Nick’s profes- Chancellor sional skills were in demand: his part-time employer Bier Markt selected him to help launch a new location, where he trained servers on everything from health and safety procedures to how to pour a beer. Now Nick is graduating with a broad foundation of skills – from cost control to human resource management – and feeling confident about entering the restaurant business full-time. “I’m excited to see where the Class of 2015 is going to take this industry,” Nick says. “I think we’re going to make a big impact.” Embarking ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 XVII CONNECT WITH US George Brown College Like us on Facebook P.O. Box 10105, Station B facebook.com/georgebrowncollege Toronto, ON, Canada M5T 2T9 416-415-2000 or 1-800-265-2002 Follow us on Twitter @GBCollege georgebrown.ca The George Brown College Foundation “ T he Food and Nutrition Award has given me the head start I needed to flourish in my career. It has helped me stay dedicated and inspired to strive for excellence in everything I do. I am gleaming with gratitude!” Karen Barbalat Graduate 2015, Food and Nutrition Management Some of our 2014-15 student award recipients. Pictured from left to right are students Karen Barbalat and Kiwayne Jones, Foundation President Cindy Gouveia, and students Megha Saini, Ho Fai Chau and Budoor Alharazi. They are all grateful for your support! Access to education. This goal motivates Students and prospective students face everything we do at the George Brown a range of barriers – including financial, College Foundation – and it’s shared by academic, geographic and socioeconomic our donors, who are changing students’ – that can affect not only their ability lives every day. Your support enables to