Start, the longest-running pitch competition in Toronto for digital start-ups, supported by the City of Toronto, the Royal Bank of Canada, startGBC and MaRS. Ongoing partnerships have been established with both China and Italy for exchange, market promotion, and access. School of Media Studies The School of Media Studies has established a partnership with YouTube and Google to open the first YouTube space in Canada and the ninth in the world. School of Computer Technology The School of Computer Technology has been declared a Cisco Premier Academy, one of 14 in North America serving Ontario, Québec, and the Eastern Seaboard to train Cisco-certified employees and the Cisco certification trainers. Centre for Business The Centre for Business has aligned with the Canadian Association of Management Consultants to develop the only graduate certificate program in consulting in Ontario. Students in this program spend one semester working on client projects with coaching from members of the association. Members also support speed mentoring events twice per year for students, to facilitate their transition to the workplace.  33 Ministry/Government Commitments  The SMA2 process has focused on implementing the first stages of the new funding model and demonstrating the ongoing commitment by all colleges and universities to student success. Future growth will only be funded through negotiated changes to an institution’s funded enrolment corridor. Through the SMA2 cycle, the ministry will continue to work closely with institutions to ensure all dimensions of the funding model are implemented.  In a memo to colleges and universities dated March 7, 2017, the ministry committed to using the SMA2 (2017-20) process as a transitional phase to commence the collaborative and joint development of performance metrics and targets, tied to funding, for SMA3 (2020-23). The ministry reiterates this commitment and reaffirms that metrics and targets included in SMA2 are not tied to funding at this time and are a beginning point for further discussions with the sector prior to their application in SMA3. Colleges and universities will have the opportunity to reset and realign metrics prior to the application of metrics in SMA3. The ministry will also engage other stakeholders as part of discussions on a broad metrics strategy. o The ministry commits to establishing a joint working group with each of the sectors and to begin detailed discussions in fall 2017 on metrics/targets and to seek input on the performance measurement methodology for SMA3.  Colleges, universities and the ministry all benefit from processes that are transparent and non-duplicative. The ministry commits to work with colleges and universities to continue to streamline processes and seek opportunities to further reduce red tape (in part through increased access to other tools), including reducing or eliminating duplicated reporting requirements.  Through SMA2 discussions, the ministry has heard concerns about the challenges of delivering breadth in programming for Francophone and Francophile students, including the cost and funding of such delivery. Starting in fall 2017, the ministry commits to consulting institutions who have a formal mandate for bilingual and/or French-language delivery to review the delivery of French-Language programming and consider these concerns.  In