are the “must do’s” to make good on the commitments in the Path to Leadership. They will act as guideposts to shape College plans in the years ahead. We have identified six priorities – three that will drive the change required and three that are supporting enablers. Drivers: 1) Prepare diverse learners for job success 2) Invest in the creation and stewardship of high value and high performing partnerships 3) Be an enabler of the Innovation Economy Supportive: 4) Build a sustainable financial and resource model 5) Leverage state-of-the-art technology 6) Build a high-performing organization Planning for the Future (2030 Strategic Plan) As George Brown nears successful completion of our Strategy 2020, this year we will focus on the development of both a new Strategy 2022, which will set the foundation for our next 2030, 10 year strategic plan. In a quickly changing world of digitization, shifting demographics, new modes of course delivery and credentialing, as well as disrupted economic and industry players, this approach will allow us to address shorter term realities as we look forward to the leading role we can play over the long term. Strategy 2022 will continue to integrate goals of all aspects of the College’s traditional imperatives, as outlined above. 2017 - 2018 Key Accomplishments Prepare Diverse Learners for Job Success Building on the successful CQAAP (accreditation) audit in the previous year, a comprehensive Academic Quality Framework was developed, with twelve teams producing detailed project plans that supported academic improvement, addressed resource requirements and developed improved processes as a result of the CQAAP recommendations. The 18-month report on the status of this work was submitted in April 2018. 14 Comprehensive program reviews were completed as well as 5 program quality self-assessments. Each division is launching meaningful upgrades to soft-skills development in curriculum outcomes in high priority programs, consistent with industry expectations, as measured in our proprietary employer survey results. The College has also entered the third year of development work to launch a pilot designed to advance the soft skills employers seek in graduates. GBC is the first PSE to use an assessment tool that compares both entry and exiting student competencies, in six key people skills categories, and compares those with working professionals. The program offered different modes of co- curricular interventions and results of the pilot are expected in 2018-19 The College continued its ongoing focus on student retention and the development of innovative student supports and services. We advanced the integration of services, co-locating Counsellors and Accessibility Consultants within 8 additional academic areas, widening access and tailoring services. A ‘Circle of Care’ model was developed to integrate team members from across the college including Counselling, Safety and Security, Human Rights and others. The team fosters a student-sustaining approach to problem solving and facilitates problem solving skills development outside the classroom. The College continues to be a leader in both Anti-Sexual Violence and AODA through committees with membership from all College groups including students. We have built capacity in regard to Sexual Violence prevention and reporting and enhanced the staffing of the Diversity, Equity,