one of her coworkers how to build animations in Adobe After Effects. Senior Art Director Yasmin Sahni has worked with many interns during her time in advertising, but Caroline really stood out. According to Yasmin, Caroline had the ideal combination of hard and soft skills, including a strong work ethic, excellent time management abilities and a comprehensive knowledge of design software. In fact, Yasmin credits Caroline with helping the agency win new business, thanks to animation work she contributed to a pitch. Now that Caroline’s placement and studies are complete, she’ll be putting her job interview skills to use once more, but this time with an enthusiastic reference from Yasmin. Experiencing VIII FUTURE IN FOCUS “F or career clarity, these internships are paramount. You can give a student 100 class projects but they will never understand the pulse and energy of an agency unless they’re in it.” YASMIN SAHNI Senior Art Director, Lowe Roche; Field Education Supervisor “My field placement at Lowe Roche inspired me to think about what kind of designer I will be when I enter the graphic design field.” CAROLINE AHN Graduate 2015, Graphic Design Experiencing ANNUAL REPORT 2014/15 IX “ H aving research experience on my resume will help me stand out to employers. I’m not sure where else I would have had an opportunity like this!” LYNN BAILEY Graduate 2015, Dental Hygiene; Research Assistant, Bitebank An applied research partnership with Bitebank, a company that offers online services for dental practices, is providing industry experience our students can smile about. Working with Bitebank’s subject matter experts, our Digital Design students created 3D patient education videos. Now a group of Dental Hygiene students is helping test the animations at George Brown’s WAVE (Wellness, Applied Research and Visionary Education) Dental Clinic, which provides affordable, student- delivered services to the public. By partnering with George Brown, Bitebank has been able to access resources that would otherwise be costly for a small or medium-sized business. At the same time, the company has created meaningful learning opportunities for students like Lynn Bailey. In her role as a student researcher, Lynn has been showing the animations to clients at the dental clinic and logging their feedback. She says the experience has allowed her to hone her communication skills while adding valuable research experience to her resume. It’s also opened her eyes to the wide range of career opportunities she could pursue outside the dentist’s office, from researcher to educator. Inquiring X FUTURE IN FOCUS “A rchitecture is really fast paced and you never know where a project is going to take you. Studying abroad showed me what my career is going to be like. It gave me an advantage.” BOJAN KARANOVIC Graduate 2015, Architectural Technology Exploring A career in architecture can take you any- where in the world, and Bojan Karanovic’s journey has already begun. Thanks to a partnership between George Brown and the Copenhagen School of Design and Technology (KEA), the Architectural Technology student spent a semester study- ing in Denmark. Not only was it a chance to challenge himself personally as he