budget targets for the year, and delivered an operating surplus that will be used to fund high-priority capital projects. The College continued to monitor and manage its financial health carefully, and achieved top quartile performance in the Ministry’s Financial Health Indicators, meeting all seven benchmarks. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - 16-17 Operating Revenue by Source 16-17 Operating Expenditures $362 million $347 million Grants and reimbursements 137 Salaries & Benefits 215 Student Fees 176 Supplies & Other Expenses 73 Ancillary 29 Plant, Property and Capital 52 Other 21 Scholarships & Bursaries 7 Total 362 Total 347 The George Brown College Foundation transferred over $11M to the College in 2016-17. The Foundation gathered $4.7M in new gifts and pledges during the year, 7% over its budget plan for the year. By the conclusion of the year, the Foundation had reached 63% of its multi- year $60M Success at Work campaign goal, raising the funds for capital expansion, program development and scholarships and bursaries. Also in 2016-17, the College received over $9M in applied research awards, including major NSERC College and Community Innovation Program and CFI grants. The College’s Community Partnerships Office secured $3.7M in funding from Ministry and private sector funders, well over its $2M goal for the year. The College achieved a number of key facility-development milestones, in support of ensuring long-term resourcing of college operations. The College’s first student residence building, The George, opened in September, 2016. The College acquired a parcel of land adjacent to its 300 Adelaide Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts building, creating the long-term possibility for expansion of that building and the associated programming. Planning and design work within the College advanced on the new School of Design facility, coincident with the building of the mixed-use development by the Daniels Corporation. This project was awarded $15.6M in grant funding through the Federal Government’s Post- Secondary Strategic Infrastructure Fund program last year, in support of the building of the facility. And in December 2016, Toronto City Council approved the fee-simple sale to GBC of the parcel of land to the north of our existing Waterfront Campus building; this transaction closed at the end of the fiscal year. The acquisition of this land will allow the college, in the medium term, to expand key areas of programming aligned with the Strategic Mandate Agreement, participate in the East Bayfront Innovation District, and replace both some expensive leased facilities and some end-of-life college-owned facilities. This acquisition was funded using a major gift made the previous year. George Brown College 2017-18 Business Plan - Leverage State-of-the-Art Technology The College continued to implement computer systems and networking upgrades to support the growing technology needs of students in education delivery. Two working groups, “Learning Spaces of the Future” and “Student Digital Experience”, helped lead strategy development for classroom technology, the piloting of new technology in physical learning spaces, and planning for a rationalized and user friendly digital experience. The college continued to invest in the renewal and upgrade of its in- class information technology, with $2M in such spending. Innovations included mobile