on practice in a variety of pediatric cardiac settings. (cid:129) CANUHOME. The Institute without Boundaries, part of George Brown’s School of Design launched its sustainable concept home called Canuhome at Toronto’s Green Living Show. A universal, accessible and adaptable full sized home that offers improved indoor air and environment quality, a reduced ecological footprint through energy, water and resource effi ciency and inherent affordability, the Canuhome lasts longer and is less costly to operate than a conventional house. Designed by George Brown students, its construction, development and exhibition was made possible through partnerships with Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation, TD Canada Trust, the Forest Stewardship Council and numerous other industry partners. (cid:129) REX ONLINE RESOURCE. To make it easier for its more than 450 industry partners engaged in more than 1000 student externships each year, the Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts (CHCA) developed REX – Recruitment, Externship and Career Support, an easy-to-use online tool where industry partners can manage CHCA student externships, book career and speaker presentations, request on-site recruitment seminars and provide students with valuable feedback. ANNUAL REPORT 2007-2008 | 9 Shaping the Future, One Graduate at a Time EMPLOYERS: STUDENT & GRADUATE SUCCESS MAKING THE CASE FOR COLLEGE George Brown’s future is inevitably linked to the future of each of its graduates. Their success, in turn, is most It may come as a surprise to some dependent on having the relevant skills and professional attitude to meet the needs of employers. In order to bring that when it comes to postsecondary students and employers together and allow both to pursue their mutual goals, George Brown is always pushing the education, Ontario’s college value of a college education toward the future. graduates are considered by 80 per As part of its overarching Academic Strategy, the College is focusing on equipping students with the skills employers cent of employers in the Greater tell us are most important. Soft skills such as communication and teamwork are being implemented across curricula. Toronto Area to be equally or better New programs are being designed with the direct input of industry to shorten the bridge between college and prepared for work than university employment. And, as in the case of green business practices, entire divisions are adopting industry trends as their own. graduates, with 25 per cent saying All of this, coupled with an industry-connected faculty that includes dual professionals – highly skilled teachers who college graduates are better prepared. are recognized experts in their sectors – ensures that applied learning and hands-on experience are not only geared Those same employers view George towards employers’ current needs but their futures. Brown College as producing the With greater growth will come greater value of a George Brown education for students, graduates and employers. highest quality graduates of the fi ve Among the highlights of our efforts to build student success in 2007-2008: GTA colleges. (cid:129) GREATER INTERNATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES. George Brown College continued to provide students with more Source: opportunities to gain relevant and valuable international work experience through a number of new initiatives, Northstar Research including