Maria credits George Brown College with getting she works to achieve her Chartered General her where she is today because of the knowledge Accountant designation. she acquired, the connections she made and the confi dence she gained. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 6 | 7 Rahul Sam Game On Bachelor of Applied Business, In 2007, George Brown College responded to Hospitality Operations the growing demand among Toronto’s technology Management, 2008 employers for graduates with game development and visual design skills; graduates who could Rahul Sam always loved being in the kitchen. become expert developers of mobile applications Even as a teen, he would spend his time in the and graphic interfaces. kitchen, mimicking the recipes of celebrity chefs, Enhanced in 2010 with a one-year game rather than on the couch playing video games. programming course, these programs are His passion for food and the natural hospitality designed to make Toronto’s budding gaming instilled within him from his Indian roots and and design enthusiasts the stars of tomorrow. Middle Eastern upbringing served as the perfect Through collaboration with employers in the combination for Rahul when he entered the gaming industry, such as Bedlam Games, Capcom Hospitality Operations Management program Canada and Starz Animation, George Brown College at George Brown College. There, he learned the developed a curriculum that would allow students intricacies of one of Toronto’s most competitive to excel in traditional art, 2D and 3D modelling and industries and had the opportunity to put his 3D animation. To apply these skills, students are classroom lessons into practice at a part-time job invited by industry-leading companies to work on at the Sheraton Centre, which also doubled as his real-world projects for which they receive mandatory co-op placement. professional recognition and compensation. Today, Rahul oversees the delivery of up to 10,000 These skills and experiences have already helped meals and supervises up to 50 food servers in his graduates fi nd work in Toronto’s booming mobile and role as Assistant Banquet Manager at the Sheraton casual gaming industry, developing downloadable Centre. He attributes his success to the professors games for the Internet and mobile devices. at George Brown College and the employers who guided him. ANNUAL REPORT 09/10 8 | 9 new frontiers At George Brown College, we cultivate students Annie Lam, and professionals who are ready to improve Tool and Die Technician, Co-op, 2008 themselves and the world around them. Our graduates are ready to face the future, knowing It wasn’t easy for Annie to fi nd her labour of love. that they are well-prepared for the opportunities The Hong Kong native who came to Canada at that await them. We help them get the jobs of the age of eight had always been fond of doing today so that they can shape a better tomorrow. work that is detailed in nature; yet, the classical fi ne arts education she was encouraged to pursue left her unfulfi lled. Julia Phelan, RPN Diploma Program, 2008 By the time she was in her mid-twenties, Annie had surfed through fi ve professional positions in varying It takes a