continually improve graduate employment include: - Increase in applied research projects as experiential learning opportunities; - Commitment to 100% field education in eligible programs; (Both strategies noted above are key to George Brown College's overall commitment to soft skills development) - Online and mobile support for students during experiential learning placements using an ePortfolio; - Career services support; - Career advising; and - Development of an employer engagement strategy to better understand employer needs and deepen employer partnerships. • The Ministry notes George Brown's intent to develop the Design Centre for the Smart Economy in partnership with OCAD University as an interdisciplinary design school that leverages strengths in applied research and commercialization capacity. 1.3 MetrJcs Institutional Metrics System-Wide Metrics1 • Number of applied research projects • Graduate employment rates • Applied research funding • Employer satisfaction rates • Number of • Number of graduates employed full- companies/s tudents/faculty engaged time in a related job in applied research 1 Additional system-wide metrics focused on applied research, commercialization, entrepreneurial activity, and community impact will be developed in consultation with the sector. 4 2. TEACHING AND LEARNING This component captures institutional strengths in program delivery methods that expand learning options for students, and improve their learning experience and career preparedness. This may include, but is not limited to, experiential learning, online learning, entrepreneurial learning, work integrated learning, and international exchange opportunities. 2.1 Areas of Institutional Strength George Brown College offers programs through a number of delivery methods, including: • Experiential and work-integrated learning, including: - lnterprofessional education model in community health programs. - Nine Early Child Education lab schools in the Greater Toronto Area (GTA). • Co-op programs and applied research projects offer pathways to employment. • Growth in flexible learning models and alternative formats, including online, evening and weekend classes. • Academic programming that integrates classroom learning with industry placements. • Support for development of faculty as "dual professionals". • Staff development team dedicated to faculty development, including workshops, train-the-trainer sessions, annual development retreat, peer class visits, and teaching squares. • Faculty training on integrating various technologies into content development, delivery, and evaluation (e.g., use of Learning Management System, online/hybrid course development). • International opportunities for faculty and students, including study abroad placements. 2.2 Additional Comments • The Ministry notes that in 2012-13 the College had 2,635 students enrolled in a program with a cooperative education component, which is the highest in the GTA. • Ministry data indicates that the College is in the lowest quartile for retention rates from first to second year (64.1%). • 2012-13 Ministry data indicates that George Brown's Graduation rate (66.6%) is above the sector average (64.8 %). 5 Institutional Strategies • The Ministry notes George Brown's commitment to ensuring there Is a field placement in 100% of qualified programs by 2020. • George Brown has established a retention strategy committee that is using evidence to support a more coordinated college-wide effort to improve retention rates, particularly between first and second year. • Student engagement is a major focus for student retention efforts at George Brown College. The Department