it is impossible to accommodate individual employees sharing the characteristics of the claimant without imposing undue hardship upon the employer. Ontario Human Rights Commission. Confidentiality of Personal information (e.g. medical information concerning an Information employee’s restrictions or personal/family information) cannot be released (e.g. by the employee’s doctor) without the written consent of the employee. In order to facilitate the accommodation process, employees must not unreasonably withhold such information. All confidential information will be kept in a secure location and will be used solely for the purpose for which it was released. The information will be housed in the Human Resources Department. Disability The Ontario Human Rights Commission and the Accessibility for Ontarian’s with Disabilities Act define “disability” as: a) any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth defect or illness and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, includes diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, a brain injury, any degree 3 Workplace Accommodation Policy Word/Term Definition of paralysis, amputation, lack of physical co-ordination, blindness or visual impediment, deafness or hearing impediment, muteness or speech impediment, or physical reliance on a guide dog or other animal or on a wheelchair or other remedial appliance or device, b) a condition of mental impairment or a developmental disability, c) a learning disability, or a dysfunction in one or more of the processes involved in understanding or using symbols or spoken language, d) a mental disorder, or e) an injury or disability for which benefits were claimed or received under the insurance plan established under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, 1997. Duty to Accommodate The obligation of an employer to take steps to eliminate the disadvantage caused by systemic, attitudinal, or physical barriers that unfairly exclude individuals or groups protected under the Ontario Human Rights Code. Functional Abilities The collection of activities and tasks the Employee is capable of performing at work. Functional ability assessments are used to identify accommodation needs for employees with disabilities and for employees returning to work after an illness or injury. Health Care Professional A primary physician or surgeon, physiotherapist, psychologist or other member of the College of a health profession that is overseeing the Employee’s recovery, as defined in the Regulated Health Professions Act, 1991. Undue Hardship The point at which an employer is not legally required to accommodate an employee’s particular needs, as the action would impose significant strain or risk to the operation of the business. The Ontario Human Rights Commission prescribes three considerations in assessing whether an accommodation could cause undue hardship: cost, outside source of funding, and health and safety considerations. Budgetary restrictions cannot be assumed to be a barrier to accommodation, and therefore cannot be presumed to be the point of undue hardship. 4.0 POLICY 4.1 General George Brown College is committed to meeting the obligations of the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) with respect to appropriate accommodation for persons with disabilities. As such, the College will maintain an inclusive, barrier free environment that ensures the full participation of all persons