fourth industrial revolution. Equipment includes a variety of tablets, smartphones and wearables (i.e., a device library) to enable testing across devices and operating systems. The lab includes an integrated behavioural observation suite (usability software and usability hardware) that includes eye-tracking systems and audio-video recording to capture, record and analyze user behaviour. Sustainability and the Built Environment George Brown’s research in sustainability and the built environment connects the Canadian construction sector to market-focused applied research that accelerates local, sustainable innovation. It helps local industry bring their ideas to market, giving Ontario’s small to medium-sized enterprises a way to test, prototype and 4 http://wardrobetrendsfashion.com/top-100-fashion-schools-world-2016-ranking/  20 commercialize a variety of green technology, including building automation and sustainable energy production. Applied research in this sector fast tracks the business life cycle, developing new technologies and products that will have a lasting impact on the community. The Building Information Modelling Lab The George Brown College Building Information Modelling Lab creates bridging infrastructure so that small and medium-sized enterprises can consider new skills and processes, develop plans around emerging technologies and adopt the building information modelling process. Building information modelling involves creating and managing unified three-dimensional digital representations of the physical and functional characteristics of a building. The business costs of building information modelling, which include sizable investments in hardware, software, and training, are particularly prohibitive for the small or medium-sized enterprises that dominate the industry. However, when adopted early, building information modelling can be used to increase energy efficiency and improve outcomes in all phases of the building life cycle, including design, modelling, construction, maintenance and demolition. Building Sciences and Building Envelope Labs The Building Sciences and Building Envelope Labs provide a test site and demonstration lab for technology companies that want to refine prototypes and test innovative green building systems, materials and technologies in a realistic setting. It also supports testing to increase energy efficiency in a variety of buildings. Business/Social Innovation and Entrepreneurship Through George Brown’s business/social innovation and entrepreneurship research, the City of Toronto has become a living laboratory for its students and partners, crossing diverse industries and needs. George Brown’s approach and facilities support activities at virtually every stage, including education and training in entrepreneurship; access to entrepreneurial advice and expertise via coaching and mentoring programs; experiential training by working side-by-side with small- and medium-sized enterprises on technology development, product development and applied research projects; specialized support for emerging entrepreneurs across multiple sectors; and support for existing student-led businesses. The School of Management has created the Consulting Hub, a collaborative learning space that brings Centre for Business students, faculty and industry professionals together in a vibrant, fast-paced environment, focusing on real-world experience, partnerships and innovative and collaborative learning. It provides consulting services for small to medium-sized businesses and not-for-profit organizations.  21 4.3 Metrics and Targets 2019-20 System-wide Metrics Target Number of externally funded applied research projects 123 (2016-17 baseline: 112) Number of partnerships / collaborations with community / industry firms 209 (2016-17 baseline: 190) 2019-20 Institution-Specific Metrics Target Number of faculty engaged in research Increase by 5% over 3 years* Number