– and right now, that gap is getting wider. DOuBlInG OuR BuSIneSS In response to growth and change in Canada’s business sector, we’re expanding our Centre for Business from two schools to four. The schools in the Centre now include the School of Accounting & Finance, School of Human Resources, School of Management and School of Marketing. By focusing on these key areas, we’re making it easier for students, employers and industry partners to connect with the programs that best meet their needs. It’s been estimated that by In 2016, as employers struggle 2016, there will be 1.5 million to find suitable employees, skilled job vacancies. there will be 550,000 By 2021, unskilled workers who aren’t qualified for the the number vacancies that exist could climb to – and that’s in addition to the unemployment rate. 2.6 million. By 2021, this could double to over one million people. Source: Miner Management Consultants, Source: Miner Management Consultants, “Jobs of the Future,” March 2012 “Jobs of the Future,” March 2012 The shortage of skilled workers is particularly acute in the areas of health care, advanced manufacturing and business services, where the average unemployment rate is just one per cent. Source: CIBC, “The Haves and Have Nots of Canada’s Labour Market,” December 2012 leading a City to WorK annUal report 2012/13 p8 enabling the innovation eConoMy At George Brown, we embrace innovation as the process of creating social or economic value from something that already exists. It’s not only about invention, it’s about reinvention – and it’s vital to Toronto’s economic future. Why does Canada, and more specifically At George Brown, we’re actively working the Greater Toronto Area, trail behind to close this innovation gap. By partnering most developed nations when it comes to with small and medium-sized businesses on innovation and productivity? George Brown research and development projects, we’re wanted to better understand this gap, so providing these companies with access to we commissioned an in-depth study called highly qualified staff and students, state- Toronto Next: Return on Innovation – a of-the-art prototyping and simulation survey of GTA employers – to gain some environments and much-needed funding, critical insight. Here’s what it found: while giving our students the hands-on experience they need to become the Half of employers believe it is the role problem solvers of tomorrow. of government to drive investment in innovation, while only 21 per cent think this responsibility belongs to the private sector. For a detailed look at the findings from our Toronto Next: Return on Innovation survey, please visit The reluctance to invest in innovation georgebrown.ca/TorontoNext.pdf is especially pronounced among small businesses. Only 24 per cent would invest in innovation if it offered long-term financial gains at the expense of short-term costs. anaiziT ajnaT yb otohP “I really feel that George Brown is helping us succeed as a business.” ReSeARCH PARTneR: GOOD ROBOT Majer teamed up with George Brown to test and commercialize the system. Staff Our applied research programs are helping and students were involved in technical Canadian innovators develop products and installation and troubleshooting, data services that