Confidentiality: ● Respect for confidentiality, including during the process of consultation such that only relevant stakeholders are involved in the development of the accommodation plan. 5.0 WORKPLACE ACCOMMODATION PROCESS The workplace accommodation process includes the following four phases, with a fifth phase if there is an issue with the accommodation request. 5.1 Recognize the Need for Accommodation The need for accommodation can be: ● Requested by the employee in writing to one of the following parties at the employee’s discretion: their Supervisor / Manager, their Human Resource Consultant, or their Union representative; or 5 Workplace Accommodation Policy ● Identified by the Employee’s Manager or the Hiring Manager; or ● Requested by a prospective Employee to the George Brown College Employee coordinating the recruitment process. Employees or prospective employees may request the participation of a support person if required. Employees may request the participation of their Union Representative in the process. If requested, the Union Representative is to take an active role as a partner in the accommodation process and share joint responsibility with the employer to facilitate accommodations in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code (OHRC) and the AODA. Where the employee is not represented by a bargaining agent, the employee may request the participation of a representative from the workplace. 5.2 Duty to Inform, Gather Relevant Information and Assess Needs George Brown College will accept the employee’s or prospective employee’s request for accommodation in good faith, unless there are legitimate reasons for requiring additional information from a health care professional who can speak to the disability and disability needs as they relate to employment. In cases where George Brown College requires additional documentation from a health care professional, the college may request this information directly from the Employee or the prospective Employee, or may request an evaluation by an outside third party expert, at the college’s expense in order to assist the college in determining how the accommodation can be achieved. The duty to inform requires the employee or prospective Employee to cooperate in answering questions or providing information regarding the relevant restrictions or limitations (as stated in the OHRC), including information from a Health Care Professional where appropriate and as needed. The Employee or prospective Employee is not required to disclose their disability. Medical or other documentation relating to the employee’s disability will be directed to the Benefits Office. The Benefits Office will keep all medical-related information strictly confidential and details will not be shared with the Supervisor / Manager. Although the information disclosed will be used in assisting the process to identify workplace accommodations for the Employee or prospective Employee, the employer will not be privy to the disability. 5.3 Formalizing an Individual Accommodation Plan (IAP) The Employee and Supervisor/Manager will work together to identify the appropriate workplace accommodation, in consultation with the Human Resources Consultant, the Benefits Office Specialist, the Union Representative or the External Expert (as needed). Once the appropriate accommodation has been identified, the accommodation details will be formally documented using the Individual Accommodation Plan (see Appendix 1). 6 Workplace Accommodation Policy In accordance with