Although we state deadlines, we always examine the shortfall for tuition and books whenever a student applies for George Brown College Bursaries. High need students with the need above $500 are invited to apply via e-mail. Identify whether your institution plans to provide loan No assistance in values greater than $1,000 to meet tuition/book shortfalls of students in any of your second 9 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities entry programs. If so: a) Identify the programs by name and by OSAP cost code; b) Describe how you determine how much loan aid to provide Describe other financial support programs and strategies We have the George Brown College Emergency Bursary that your institution will use to assist students facing fund that meets students’ costs when there is a situation that financial barriers to access, including identification of is outside of a student’s control. programs that provide case-by-case flexibility to respond to emergency situations that arise for students. We have Entrance Bursaries to OSOTF and OTSS. The information is included in our acceptance packages and it is advertized on-line at the George Brown College website. Briefly describe your review process for students who Students always have access to the Senior Manager of dispute the amount of institutional student financial Financial Assistance or the Manager of Awards and assistance that is provided as part of the Student Access Scholarships to discuss individual applications and how we Guarantee. assessed their need. The OSAP coordinator also assists in this. If you would like to provide any other comments, please do so in the following space: B. QUALITY Quality of the Learning Environment MYAA Report Back 2008-09 Referring to your approved Multi-Year Action Plan, please identify your achieved results for 2008-09. If your institution has not achieved your proposed results, please explain the variance and your planned improvement activities in the column provided. Strategy / Program Indicator Proposed Result Achieved Explain Variance between Proposed and Result Achieved Results (if applicable) and Any Improvement Activities You Expect to Take Curriculum Satisfaction Increase satisfaction & 08-09 - Specialist / Master & retention retention (07-08 73% 71.5% Although not seeing an overall increase in Teacher Strategy satisfaction; 72.6% satisfaction; student satisfaction, seeing improvements on graduation) 73.1% individual questions where there have been . graduation interventions. An example in one program rate Question #19 which addresses "feedback about your progress" went up 30% (from 44% to 74%) The overall satisfaction rate may not be increasing due to overcrowding of classrooms, 10 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities labs and student facilities such as libraries and cafeterias. GBC has the highest number of student per square foot in the system. We have rented local movie theatres and office space to accommodate which are adequate but not excellent for teaching. We are currently in the process of building a new campus and have capped enrolment growth until the campus is complete. Communications Graduate & Increase satisfaction (07- Skills Project employer 08 2008 GR WC 87%, OC Same (High) 2008-09 satisfaction 89%, C 90%; 2008 EM WC 87%, OC 90%, C Developed new curriculum