of College property. Intellectual Property Inventions, discoveries, and creative works that are developed by individuals at the College that may have commercial as well as scientific and scholarly value. Examples of intellectual property includes, but is not limited to:-inventions;-creative works;- patentable subject matter;-copyrightable materials; -know-how, electronic or paper documents;-software (including source code and object code);-multimedia or audiovisual materials; and-photographs. International English Language Testing System (IELTS) A recognized testing system that is designed to measure an individual’s English language skills. It is commonly used by students when studying or training in the medium of English. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 . J, K, L Learning Resource Centre (LRC) George Brown provides educational materials in the LRC that are available for use by faculty members and students. M Manager The administrative staff member (e.g., may be Chair or Dean) who initially imposes a sanction. Mature Students Individuals who do not have the OSSD or equivalent but wish to resume their education, may be accepted as a mature student if they meet the conditions required. Michigan English Language Assessment Battery (MELAB) An advanced level or group of English language proficiency tests, designed to measure an individual’s proficiency in writing, listening, reading, and speaking. It is commonly used for non-native speakers of English who will need to use English for academic purposes at the college and university level. N NP -Not Passed The grading symbol used for courses not requiring a grade (i.e., A – F). Students with an NP grade in a required course will not be permitted to graduate. This symbol has no effect on the GPA calculation. O Ontario College Application Services (OCAS) The Ontario College Application Services provides administrative systems and application processing services for Ontario’s Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology, and three Agricultural Colleges affiliated with the University of Guelph and the Michener Institute for Applied Health Sciences. The OCAS processes applications and acceptances for college programs. Applicants may choose up to 5 programs when applying through this service (www.oacs.on.ca) OSSD Ontario Secondary School Diploma OAC Ontario Academic Course Ontario Student Assistance Program (OSAP) A government supplement to assist Canadian students and their families to meet the costs of postsecondary education. It is not intended to supply all the assistance required for educational and living costs. For details, refer to the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. Overscribed Programs When the number of students outnumber the number of spaces for a course/program. P P – Passed The grading symbol used for courses not requiring a grade (i.e., A – F). This symbol has no effect on the GPA calculation. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 Patentable Intellectual Property This includes, without limitation, all inventions, discoveries, know-how (despite the fact that these may not benefit from patent protection) and discoveries or other material that is patentable under Canadian law (whether or not produced in the Canada), as well as all software that is excluded from "copyrightable material" (whether or not