Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 B, C CM – Course Completed Generally, this grading symbol is used for part-time courses that do not have an academic credit (CR) implication and to show that students completed some activity prescribed by the College. The opposite of CM is NP (Not Passed). Code of Conduct George Brown has designed codes of conduct for students, academic employees, support staff and administrative staff outlining the personal and professional expectations of behaviours required by students and staff. Collaborative Programs Degree level programs may be collaborative programs with other universities when the degree is granted by the university. Students must meet all the requirements as determined by the degree granting institution and may receive diplomas from the colleges as part of the degree level studies. Students must meet the all requirements for the diploma. College Premises Any physical space where College-supervised activity takes place (e.g., on campus, at an athletic event, on a field trip, etc.). College Staff Member All individuals employed by George Brown College (includes academic employees, support staff, and administrators in the College.) Conditional Acceptance Applicants who fail to meet the non-academic or academic requirements may be accepted on a conditional basis at the time of application. Applicants must provide proof of requirements by st September 1 of the academic year. Convocation The graduation ceremony where students receive their diplomas and certificates. Copyright The sole right to produce or reproduce a work or any substantial part in any material form (as defined by the Copyright Act, 1970). Copyrightable Intellectual Property This includes, without limitation, all creative works, electronic or paper documents, software (including source code and object code), multimedia or audiovisual materials, and photographs, and any other materials that may be copyrightable under Canadian law (whether or not produced in the Canada). Copyrightable material shall include educational or research software, but shall not include software other than educational or research software. Course Electives A course that does not form part of the base core academic requirements for a program. CR – Credit Granted Grading symbol used on transcipt. Credit/Course Equivalency George Brown course credits that are earned directly, granted as equivalent, or obtained through Advanced Standing are used towards the granting of a certificate or diploma. These courses may be used toward the granting of subsequent certificates or diplomas when specific criteria are met. Duplicate use of credit may be denied by the receiving College official(s) where competence in the relevant course(s) cannot be clearly demonstrated or documented. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 Credit Value Credit value for course. With the exception of practicum/fieldwork components of courses, a course is equal to one credit if it has one instructional hour per week, per semester. A course that is seven weeks or 21 hours in duration is equal to a half-credit. Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) The CGPA is the sum of the course grade points for all courses divided by the sum of the course credits. The total grade