GLOSSARY OF TERMS A Academic Dishonesty Dishonest practices, some of which include fabrication of data, altering transcripts or other official documents, cheating on exams or assignments, presenting another’s work (in whole or in part) as one’s own (plagiarism) or buying or selling assignments, impersonating someone in an exam or test, or the making false statements relating to academic work by a student. Academic Employees Used interchangeably with “faculty” to refer to full-time, partial-load, part-time, and sessional professors, instructors, counsellors, and librarians. Academic Forgiveness Defined Academic forgiveness is a process by which a student's academic performance prior to an absence may be expunged from the student's transcript, enabling a former student to have a fresh start in his/her academic studies. Administrators Used interchangeably with "administrative staff" and "managers" to refer to any person in the College who serves as a Dean, Director, Manager, or Chair. Advanced Standing Courses taken at other colleges or institutions may be given credit towards a George Brown course. These courses are recorded as AS on the students’ transcripts. AEG – Pass by Aegrotat Awarded to students who, for compelling reasons, were unable to complete a portion of their course or write the final examination. Their performance was otherwise more than satisfactory, but they would have failed the course because of the missed evaluation. Appeal A generic term for a request to have a decision reviewed by an impartial body. Applied Degree Applied degrees are undergraduate bachelor (baccalaureate) degrees with an applied focus in a particular field. The program combines theory and analytical skills with a practical, career- focused education, preparing individuals to work in a profession or earn a professional designation or standing while also earning a degree. Students graduate with a Bachelor of Applied Arts (BAA) degree rather than a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree. ATT – Attend Grading symbol used to denote attendance in the first semester of a two- semester course. This refers to courses that are still in progress because they last more than one semester. AUD – Course Audited Without Formal Evaluation A credit course is identified by a specific number and carries a particular credit value. Students who decide formally to waive that credit, by choosing not to be evaluated or graded, are considered to be auditing the course. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 B, C CM – Course Completed Generally, this grading symbol is used for part-time courses that do not have an academic credit (CR) implication and to show that students completed some activity prescribed by the College. The opposite of CM is NP (Not Passed). Code of Conduct George Brown has designed codes of conduct for students, academic employees, support staff and administrative staff outlining the personal and professional expectations of behaviours required by students and staff. Collaborative Programs Degree level programs may be collaborative programs with other universities when the degree is granted by the university. Students must meet all the requirements as determined by the degree granting institution and may receive diplomas from the colleges as