A course elective is not part of the base core academic requirements for a program. Rather, it is a course of study selected by the student that:is of immediate interest to the student, and/or will enhance the student’s general body of discipline-specific knowledge but is beyond the base core academic requirements as specified for a program. Program Transfer With the appropriate approvals, George Brown students may transfer from one program to another. Q, R Refusal of Further Registration Students have no opportunity to submit a future application or registration. This usually applies to the entire College but can be restricted to a single program or division. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 Removal from the Premises Students are physically removed from College property. This may be confined to a specified area, a whole campus, or the whole College. Students may not re-enter without permission. Research Ethics George Brown College ensures that all research (defined as a systematic investigation of an issue, topic, group of individuals, etc., that uncovers new information or interprets existing data) is carried out in an ethical fashion and is consistent with the principles of George Brown College policies, procedures, and values. The Research Ethics Policy is designed to minimize the College’s liabilities associated with research at the institution or research undertaken by members of the College community who may use the College name to gain access to other settings. These liabilities include, but are not limited to, guarding against ill effects to participants. Residency The required percentage of courses/credits (i.e., 25%) that must be earned at George Brown College in order to obtain a diploma, certificate, or degree. This percentage excludes courses that are exempt or are graded as Advanced Standing. S SD – Standing Deferred This grading symbol is awarded when the student, for reasons beyond his/her control, was unable to complete the course and is unlikely to do so within 60 days (in which case INC would be used). The Promotions Committee grants this status. Semester A semester or term is one academic session, usually 4 months in duration (e.g., September to December). SUP -Supplemental Privilege This grading symbol is used to indicate that supplemental privilege has been granted by a grade of "S," which excludes the course from GPA calculations. The Promotions Committee determines whether a student may take a supplemental exam or assigment. Supervisor A generic term that refers to the next level of potential management intervention (e.g., faculty members have Chairs, Chairs have Deans, etc.). Suspension A time-limited removal from the College, a program, or class(es) and coincident restriction of all privileges associated with registration. T Term See definition for Semester. Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) A recognized testing system that is designed to measure an individual’s proficiency in English. It is commonly used by students when studying or training in the medium of English. Transfer Credits Transfer credits are those resulting from study done elsewhere, which are used to determine individual course exemptions, or entire terms of Advanced Standing