at the time the marks were being produced. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 General Education In the community college milieu, general education are those elements of the curriculum that lead towards the overall betterment of the student as a contributing member of the community. General education should:enhance the student's ability to reason, to appreciate, and to communicate effectivelyencompass life skills and promote a sense of worth in the student, andform part of the fabric of all curricula offered to the student by the College. General Education Exemptions Some students may be eligible for exemption from general education electives and/or courses. These students must apply for an exemption and must meet the minimum requirements. To be exempt from a general education elective, students must have taken a college or university credit (minimum mark of C-) in a general education course not previously used for exemption. Grade Point Average (GPA) The sum of the course grade points for all courses divided by the sum of the course credits. This average is calculated for the courses taken in a single term. Grading Symbols Special symbols (e.g., AS – Advanced Standing) used on transcripts to describe a student’s performance in a course or the way the final grade was achieved. H Honours Standing Cumulative grade averages of 3.50/3.70 or more are used to identify students with honours standing and to rank students for scholarships, awards, and Deans’ Lists. INC – Incomplete Course The grading symbol temporarily given to students who were unable to finish part of the course required for complete evaluation. In Good Standing – Passing Grades Students must pass all courses, and have a term grade point average (TGPA) equal to or above 1.70 (for diploma programs) and 2.30 (for degree programs). Infractions An infraction occurs when students violate the College’s rules or student codes of conduct. MINOR infractions include disruptive and disrespectful of others on College property (e.g., shouting or "roughhousing," smoking in restricted areas, or loitering on College property). MAJOR infractions include disruption of the academic environment; theft on College premises; making threats to the safety and security of others; harassing other members of the community; promoting racism or hatred of others; breach of trust in work, field, or clinical placements; and vandalism of College property. Intellectual Property Inventions, discoveries, and creative works that are developed by individuals at the College that may have commercial as well as scientific and scholarly value. Examples of intellectual property includes, but is not limited to:-inventions;-creative works;- patentable subject matter;-copyrightable materials; -know-how, electronic or paper documents;-software (including source code and object code);-multimedia or audiovisual materials; and-photographs. International English Language Testing System (IELTS) A recognized testing system that is designed to measure an individual’s English language skills. It is commonly used by students when studying or training in the medium of English. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 . J, K, L Learning Resource Centre (LRC) George Brown provides educational materials in the LRC that are