the granting of subsequent certificates or diplomas when specific criteria are met. Duplicate use of credit may be denied by the receiving College official(s) where competence in the relevant course(s) cannot be clearly demonstrated or documented. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 Credit Value Credit value for course. With the exception of practicum/fieldwork components of courses, a course is equal to one credit if it has one instructional hour per week, per semester. A course that is seven weeks or 21 hours in duration is equal to a half-credit. Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) The CGPA is the sum of the course grade points for all courses divided by the sum of the course credits. The total grade point average is calculated for all courses taken at the time of calculation. Curriculum Pattern The academic requirements of the diploma, certificate, or applied degree program. D Deferred Examinations A deferred examination privilege may be granted for circumstances arising on compassionate grounds, such as a death in a family, illness, or other circumstances beyond the student's control. The Chair/designate may grant deferred examinations. Disciplinary Action Students or staff who contravene College regulations or commit offences against persons or property may incur consequences that relate to the seriousness of the offences. DNA – Did Not Attend Grading symbol used on transcripts. E EX – Exempted Grading symbol used when student is exempt from a course. Expulsion Students who violate the code of conduct may be removed or discharged from the College. In these cases, registration is revoked and fees are forfeited. F Faculty Used interchangeably with “academic employees: to refer to full-time, partial-load, part-time, and sessional professors, instructors, counsellors, and librarians. Fast Track Program Students may finish their programs faster if they have been granted an Advanced Standing in a course or when their program has courses that are offered through the summer semester. Full-Time Enrolment Students are considered full time if they are taking 67% of the prescribed courses for their program, or 70% of the program contact hours (defined as instructional or classroom time) in any given semester. Students with disabilities may qualify for a reduced course load (40%-69%). G GNR – Grade Not Reported The grading symbol indicating that no mark has been submitted at the time the marks were being produced. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 General Education In the community college milieu, general education are those elements of the curriculum that lead towards the overall betterment of the student as a contributing member of the community. General education should:enhance the student's ability to reason, to appreciate, and to communicate effectivelyencompass life skills and promote a sense of worth in the student, andform part of the fabric of all curricula offered to the student by the College. General Education Exemptions Some students may be eligible for exemption from general education electives and/or courses. These students must apply for an exemption and must meet the minimum requirements. To be exempt from