for educational and living costs. For details, refer to the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities. Overscribed Programs When the number of students outnumber the number of spaces for a course/program. P P – Passed The grading symbol used for courses not requiring a grade (i.e., A – F). This symbol has no effect on the GPA calculation. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 Patentable Intellectual Property This includes, without limitation, all inventions, discoveries, know-how (despite the fact that these may not benefit from patent protection) and discoveries or other material that is patentable under Canadian law (whether or not produced in the Canada), as well as all software that is excluded from "copyrightable material" (whether or not patentable under Canadian law). Permanent Academic Record That which is maintained by the Registrar under the CRAO Guidelines, exemplified by the official transcript. Petition A request to have an administrative decision reviewed by an impartial body. Post Admission Skills Assessment Students lacking the standard English, Math and/or Science admission requirements may take assessment tests to ensure they are placed in the appropriate course level. Post-secondary Education Quality Assessment Board (PEQAB) An arms-length advisory agency that makes recommendations to the Minister of Training, Colleges and Universities of Ontario on applications for ministerial consent under the terms of the Post-secondary Education Choice and Excellence Act, 2000. This government-appointed academic panel that studies all aspects of the program before recommending acceptance to the Minister of Colleges and Universities. For more information about PEQAB and the applied degree program approval process go to www.peqab.edu.gov.on.ca. Pre-requisites Some courses in a program must be completed before the next required courses can be taken. In these cases, the preliminary courses in the sequence are considered pre-requisite courses to the next level of courses. Prior Learning Assessment and Recognition (PLAR) Individuals with significant work and/or life experience can have their skills and knowledge assessed for course credits toward a college credential. PLAR gives students credit for knowledge and skills they have gained through life experience such as work or volunteer experience. Probation A temporary status requiring fulfillment of specific requirements (e.g. a student may be admitted to the College (probationary admission) but must pass all their courses to obtain regular registration status. Program Electives A course elective is not part of the base core academic requirements for a program. Rather, it is a course of study selected by the student that:is of immediate interest to the student, and/or will enhance the student’s general body of discipline-specific knowledge but is beyond the base core academic requirements as specified for a program. Program Transfer With the appropriate approvals, George Brown students may transfer from one program to another. Q, R Refusal of Further Registration Students have no opportunity to submit a future application or registration. This usually applies to the entire College but can be restricted to a single program or division. Approved by Board of Governors Motion #03–05–04, 11 February 2004, Publication 2004 – 03 – 31 Removal from the Premises Students are