should be informed by the program if their child has been involved in a racial incident. In the case where the families are aware that their child was involved in an incident and/or any parent who witnessed the incident, the parent should make a written or verbal report to the Manager for them to take immediate action in resolving the incident. All follow-up and responses involving children must recognize the individual child’s age and stage of their understanding, and be handled in a manner intended to foster self-worth of all children involved. Actions to be taken to resolve incidents of expressed bias/discrimination between or involving children. Staff should try to resolve the matter by talking to the children and explaining why the behaviour is inappropriate. Some key elements of this process are: 1. The targeted child must immediately be publicly supported to acknowledge the hurt he/she has experienced. This will help the hurt child to re-establish self-esteem. 2. Both the offender and targeted child are spoken to individually. The objective of speaking with the offender is to correct the behaviour, not to punish. The offender should be assisted in seeking appropriate ways to express themselves.GE 3. Incidents can be used as learning opportunities for all the children (e.g. built into the overall curriculum). 4. Document incidents, indicating who was involved using first names only, and include as much detailed information as possible on how the incident was resolved. 5. Discuss the incident and its resolution with each child’s parent. 6. Staff review the frequency of incidents, both within groups and with specific children, and set longer range plans accordingly. If other children were present at the time and witnessed the incident, Staff will talk to the children and explain why the behaviour is inappropriate. Teaching children about the inappropriateness of this behaviour will involve group activities, group problem-solving, program and curriculum development, or other preventative methods (e.g. modeling positive interactions and conflict resolution skills.) Revised: July 2017 3