Handling Incidents of Expressed Bias and Discrimination George Brown College Lab Schools will not tolerate incidents of expressed bias, discrimination, prejudice or harassment. The centre will act to eliminate all forms of discrimination and bias on the part of Staff, students, administrators, co-operative placement Staff, community affiliates, Advisory Committee members, the Board of Governors and visitors. George Brown College personnel who handle incidents of expressed bias and discrimination will be consistent and will respect the confidentiality and the rights of all parties involved, including the complainant, the witnesses and the accused perpetrator. Rationale: The centre has the responsibility to promote racial, ethno-cultural, special abilities and religious harmony among its members, and to maintain harassment –free environment. An incident of expressed bias and discrimination can involve anyone in the Lab Child Care Centre community- students, child care Staff, administrative Staff, families and children, or visitors from any racial or cultural group. Incidents may be intentional or unintentional and can take verbal, written, non-verbal, or physical form. They may be subtle or passive, or they may be overt. Avoidance or exclusion, rude behaviour, stereotyping, name-calling, jokes and slurs, graffiti, insults, threats or intimidation are typical expressions of bias or discrimination. Procedures: Therefore the Lab Child Care Centre adopts the following procedures: 1. The Lab Child Care Centre’s response to racial and ethnic, special abilities incidents will allow for disciplinary action. Such disciplinary action may include a warning, reprimand, suspension, and expulsion, termination of services or non-renewal of contracts. 2. The Childcare Centres will develop and provide guidelines as well as educate all Staff and students in the procedures to be followed for the resolution of racial and ethnic incidents. The Lab Child Care Centre will also provide Staff development to assist child care personnel to : • Identify racial and ethnic incidents; • Understand the legal implications of racist behaviour, as outlines in the Canadian Charter of rights and Freedoms and the Ontario Human Rights Code; • Deal confidently with incidents of racial or ethnic harassment; • Provide immediate and consistent response to racial, ethnic or special abilities incidents. 3. Complaints may be lodged by any member of the Lab Child Care Centre community. The complaint procedure contains the following six steps. A complainant or a witness may begin action at any step. 1 I. The complainant and/or witness shall ask the alleged offender to stop (verbally or non-verbally). The alleged offender must be given an opportunity to stop the offensive behaviour. II. If the problem is not resolved through this request, the complainant and/or witnesses shall make a written record of the incident, including dates, names and as full an account as possible. III. The complainant and/or witnesses shall lodge a complaint with the Manager, or Director of the School of Early Childhood. IV. Upon receiving the complaint, the administrator shall start an investigation. The investigation will include the complainant, the alleged offender, and any other person who may have information. Information shall be received in the strictest confidence and shall be documented. V. If the complaint is not resolved at the level