complainant and/or witness shall ask the alleged offender to stop (verbally or non-verbally). The alleged offender must be given an opportunity to stop the offensive behaviour. II. If the problem is not resolved through this request, the complainant and/or witnesses shall make a written record of the incident, including dates, names and as full an account as possible. III. The complainant and/or witnesses shall lodge a complaint with the Manager, or Director of the School of Early Childhood. IV. Upon receiving the complaint, the administrator shall start an investigation. The investigation will include the complainant, the alleged offender, and any other person who may have information. Information shall be received in the strictest confidence and shall be documented. V. If the complaint is not resolved at the level of the administrator within 10 working days of being lodged, the complainant may, through a Director or Dean, appeal to the College’s Race and Ethnic Relations Appeal Committee. That committee shall consist of one member of the local executive of the faculty union, one student representative, one chairperson, and a Director or Dean. The members will have received training as outlined in Section 2 of the George Brown College’s Race and Ethnic Relations Policy. VI. If a mutually acceptable resolution in not reached at the level of the Race and Ethnic Relations appeal Committee within 15 working days of the appeal, either the complainant or the alleged offender may make the final College appeal to the office of the President. An appointed Vice-President or the President will communicate his/her decision to both parties, in writing, within 10 working days of this final appeal. The complaint process must begin no later than six months from the date of the incident and not later than six months after a student completes or leaves a program. However, for students, if the complaint concerns a grade, it must be lodged within 10 days, in accordance with the College’s student appeals procedure. This procedure does not affect an individual’s right to file a complaint with the Ontario Human rights Commission, or to use the grievance procedure of the relevant Collective agreement. 2 Resolving incidents when children are involved: Where possible, children who were involved are encouraged to report it to an adult (e.g., teacher, supervisor, and parent). In all situations, families should be informed by the program if their child has been involved in a racial incident. In the case where the families are aware that their child was involved in an incident and/or any parent who witnessed the incident, the parent should make a written or verbal report to the Manager for them to take immediate action in resolving the incident. All follow-up and responses involving children must recognize the individual child’s age and stage of their understanding, and be handled in a manner intended to foster self-worth of all children involved. Actions to be taken to resolve incidents of expressed bias/discrimination between or involving children. Staff should try to resolve the matter by talking to the children and explaining why the behaviour is inappropriate. Some key elements