immediately. We recognize that having an ill child may present difficulties for the family regarding child care. We recommend that families make alternative arrangements for emergency care in advance. Procedures As required by the CCEYA George Brown College Childcare Lab Schools must separate children of ill health and contact families/guardians to take the child home. When children are ill, child care Staff will insure the following: • Ill children are cared for and comforted by Staff, while monitoring symptoms • Ill children will be separated from other children when possible • Symptoms of illness will be recorded in a child’s daily record and in a daily log as per CCEYA • The family/guardian of the ill child will be notified to take the child home; or • If it appears that the child requires immediate medical attention, the child will be taken to the hospital by ambulance Note: If the child is well enough to come to the Lab Child Care Centre the child is well enough to go outdoors. Children should be suitably dressed for outdoor play. The Staff must know where a family can be reached in case of illness. Always leave an alternative number where you can be contacted if you are away from your workplace. Families are required to notify Staff of their child’s illness or exposure to communicable diseases. Families should be especially alert to any signs of illness in an exposed child and keep the child at home if any symptoms become apparent. If the child develops a communicable disease the child’s doctor will determine when the child may return to child care. This period of time cannot be shorter than the period recommended by the Toronto Public Health Department. The Staff will inform the families if any exposure occurs in their child’s group. In case of an illness or injury during the child care hours, the following procedure will be followed: Manager will be informed of the child’s symptoms. 2 Child care Staff will attempt to contact one or both families. If families cannot be reached, the emergency contact person listed on the emergency Information form will be contacted. If a family or the emergency contact cannot be reached and it is decided that the child should receive medical attention or examination, a Lab Child Care Centre Staff member will accompany the child in the ambulance to the hospital that has availability. Please be assured that all Staff has Standard First Aid /CPR training. Revised: July 2017 3