Health Policies In your child’s best interest and in the interest of all the children attending the Lab Child Care Centre, the following Health Policies, Practices and Procedures are adhered to: 1. Families are required to submit record of current immunizations at the time their child is enrolled into the Lab Child Care Centre. 2. Each child is required by law to have a series of immunizations recommended by the child’s family physician. The City of Toronto Department of Public Health recommends that all children attending child care be adequately immunized against: Diphtheria Flu shot (annually) Hepatitis B Measles Meningococcal Disease Mumps Pertussis (Whooping Cough) Poliomyelitis Rubella Tetanus Varicella (Chicken Pox) NOTE: If a family requests a Medical Exemption, they will be asked to provide a notarized Affidavit (the Manager of the Childcare Centre has the form in the office) Staff is required to have updated Standard First Aid Certificates, immunization, T.B. tests and health assessments. Exclusion of Ill Children and/ Or Staff: Each child will be checked daily by an educator and, in consultation with the manager, a decision will be made whether the child will be permitted to stay at the centre. The child should be kept at home and the child care Staff notified if an illness prevents the child from participating in routine activities. The following symptoms are examples of this: any of the following:  a cold that hinders the child’s day to day functioning  sore throat or ear ache that hinders the child’s day to day functioning  any apparent discharge from eyes/ears  swollen neck glands  digestive upset (i.e. vomiting or diarrhea)  unexplained rash or skin eruption 1  any other behavior that seems out of the ordinary and which might indicate illness, including lethargy ,unusual crankiness or irritability, or refusal to eat or drink Families or educators should seek medical attention for the child for any of the following physical symptoms:  Change in breathing (rapid, shallow, or shortness of breath)  Pain or difficulty swallowing  Stiff neck  Rash with fever or change in behaviour When your child is ill and cannot attend child care, we ask that families inform us by phone. If your child has been diagnosed with a communicable illness, it is important that you contact the Centre immediately. We recognize that having an ill child may present difficulties for the family regarding child care. We recommend that families make alternative arrangements for emergency care in advance. Procedures As required by the CCEYA George Brown College Childcare Lab Schools must separate children of ill health and contact families/guardians to take the child home. When children are ill, child care Staff will insure the following: • Ill children are cared for and comforted by Staff, while monitoring symptoms • Ill children will be separated from other children when possible • Symptoms of illness will be recorded in a child’s daily record and in a daily log as per CCEYA • The family/guardian of the ill child will be notified to take the child home; or • If