express themselves articulately in writing may be able to reflect critically, so the assessment criteria must be articulated carefully. By teaching students to reflect and critique using diverse exemplars, discussion, ample constructive feedback and opportunities for revision – in a respectful and honest atmosphere – many who struggle at the outset can improve substantially. Additionally, those same tools provide multiple opportunities to assess how students think, which improve the trustworthiness of your inferences. Like essays, reflective writing tasks are time-consuming for both students and educators, easy to treat superficially and authentic in a narrow range of contexts. At present, they are probably used inauthentically more often than not, as in many cases the connections to discipline or future contexts for application are not made clear by the instructors. The assignments will then appear to students to be ‘hoop jumps.’ And the inter-rater reliability and rigour of their grading requires thoughtful moderation and collaborative rubric development. In professional programs, the gold standard for the authentic assessment of application at the program-level is the practicum. Strictly speaking, a practicum is any assessment that requires students to demonstrate competence or mastery in a simulated or ‘real-world’ setting. Students completing practica are usually observed and assessed by some combination of educator, coordinator, supervisor and peers. By definition, practica are more likely to be authentic than is any other form of assessment and they can be used to assess nearly every type of learning outcome. They are especially useful for the assessment of outcomes at the relational and extended abstract levels of SOLO. Aside from their obvious tendency toward authenticity, practica lend themselves well to immediate feedback that can be acted upon in the moment, they tend to be easy to grade, are inherently formative, can be adjusted for multiple levels of learning, and rigour and reliability tend to be high. Nevertheless, practica require a significant commitment of time and resources, so they are often reserved for elite students (those who tend to perform well on traditional assessments) in small classes. Micro-practica and simulations, which focus on smaller and simpler tasks performed in approximations of real-world conditions, may be substituted for practica in larger classes or used to rehearse for later practica. In large classes, students may submit recordings of their Practicum performances in simulations. Students demonstrate competency in a simulated or a real setting, Simulations and micro-practica are usually performed under more controlled, timed conditions usually observed by others (such as within one class period). While less authentic than full practica, they still offer many Work-based learning practicum of the same advantages for learning and assessment. A sequence or set of simulations can be and internship: created to represent what might be required in a full practicum. One form of micro-practicum, http://casn.berkeley.edu/resource_files/ WBL_Definitions_Outcomes_Criteria_ common in nursing, is known as an Objective Structured Clinical Examination (OSCE) and pg_120512_v2.pdf requires students to perform a series of tasks under pressure in a simulated environment. If peer and/or self-evaluation are used with practica, students must be trained beforehand or their feedback may be inconsistent or inflated. As is typical, the