specific-types-of-writing/annotated- assessing research skills (in addition to other types of outcomes). Depending on the discipline bibliography and profession, such projects can require students to use information to develop and test hypotheses and predictions; measure and compare multiple outputs and variables; classify phenomena using schemas of principles or taxonomy; conduct experiments (virtual or hands-on); synthesize large bodies of scholarship; and many other activities important to the development of researchers, scholars and citizens. The communication of the research results can take any form, even multiple forms – reports, theses, research papers, presentations, posters, videos, choreographies, etc. Some courses are designed using inquiry-based learning and assessed based on a final project (Healey, 2005). To maximize the learning potential of projects, they should be designed to ensure that successful completion requires synthesis, interpretation, evaluation and application of what students learn in the program and not just the particular course. This, plus the considerable time and effort required to provide regular feedback, combine to virtually guarantee useful learning and meaningful assessment. 33 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES If students are given a choice of topic, they are more likely to be motivated to complete the project. The assessment of projects of this type often includes assessment of learning outcomes related to communication skills, time-management skills and project-management skills, as well as interpersonal and problem-solving skills in the case of group projects. To better facilitate successful completion, we recommend that the project be submitted for feedback and revision at multiple stages; at the very least, students will need constructive feedback on their first proposals. Exchange of drafts for peer feedback can provide additional Inquiry-Based Learning A form of self-directed learning in which constructive feedback to students, as well as provide alternative models of peer work. In order students choose a question, refine it and for the full benefit of peer review to be achieved, instructors need to be clear about the learning learn through inquiry outcomes and provide training on how to give constructive feedback appropriate for the specific McMaster Inquiry Process: assessment task. http://fhs.mcmaster.ca/bhsc/inquiry_ These course-based assessments can then inform program learning outcomes. what.html Sample process and impact: http://insight.glos.ac.uk/TLI/ RESOURCES/TOOLKIT/Pages/default.aspx 34 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES 2.3 COMMUNICATION Most programs expect some outcomes related to communication to be achieved. Written communication dominates this category of outcomes – and writing takes many forms. In some disciplines and professions, argumentative and persuasive writing is the norm, and in others, research reports, professional memos and strategy documents, executive summaries or marketing plans. In fact, written communication is typically the means by which critical thinking is assessed indirectly. Essays are still the most common form of written assessment. When poorly designed, essays can be an inauthentic form of assessment. However, there are many different types of essays – some are critical and argumentative, some report the results of research, some are reflective, some persuasive – that can be used in authentic ways to assess student learning. Many educators have experimented with visual essays in the form of comic strips, films, photographic sequences, or multimedia essays that can be uploaded to YouTube