assessment on wide array of services, programs, resources and expertise to faculty, graduate and undergraduate embedding effective assessment in the curriculum) teaching assistants, sessional instructors and academic administrators (Grabove et al., 2012) – • resources, e.g., small grants, staff many of whom then become leaders in the area themselves. Faculty members who were once time, access to and knowledge of literature motivated to review program-level learning outcomes can become discouraged without the • networking between people with necessary support and resources (Hersh & Keeling, 2013). Centres offer support through one- expertise and interest • sharing examples of effective practices 20 http://www.qaa.ac.uk/ABOUTUS/Pages/default.aspx 21 http://www.enhancementthemes.ac.uk/ 45 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES time, introductory workshops; extended, week-long and semester-long programs; one-on-one consultations; funding for teaching and learning grants and conferences. Staff in centres provide leadership and facilitation for the process of developing course- and program-level learning outcomes, and learning outcome assessment; representation on institution-wide committees impacting teaching and learning; and other methods of sharing examples of effective practices (Grabove et al., 2012). Centres for teaching and learning can provide resources and conceptual support to currently engaged faculty, while encouraging others to become involved. Through these varied, systemic efforts, centres can contribute to an institutional culture of quality teaching and authentic assessment for the purpose of enhancing programs and student learning. We caution against viewing centre staff as the only experts; rather, we recommend that centres partner with faculty and departments to develop further expertise and engage faculty in the assessment process, by supporting distributed leadership. Case Study: Leadership and Centres for Teaching and Learning* A New Hampshire college funded the creation of a systematic professional development program for part-time faculty known as the Adjunct Teaching Forum. The Forum encouraged faculty to engage in conversations explicitly linking assessment to enhancement of teaching and learning practices. The Forum had four different levels: developing higher-level cognitive skills, facilitating experiential and active learning, reimagining courses and enhancing assessment strategies. The college continued to build on this work through research on assessment strategies and teaching practices. An institution-wide assessment program was then implemented to monitor program development, determine learner success, improve teaching and learning and establish institutional effectiveness. With renewed, institution-wide funding, the assessment program continued, later fostering leadership among faculty, establishing course-embedded assessment and analyzing the assessment programs in place. Many factors contributed to creating an institutional culture of assessment at this college. First, implementing a committee on assessment allowed for a formal space where members could review, discuss and improve assessment within the institution. Second, establishing faculty leadership positions increased engagement, knowledge and participation. Lastly, ensuring that institutional leaders were part of the discussion helped to integrate matters of assessment into budget reviews, course evaluations and program creation. *Retrieved from Zubrow (2012) 46 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES Formal Institutional Leaders Formal institutional leaders can directly impact the success of assessment efforts within an institution (Shipman, Aloi & Jones, 2003). Effective leaders are instrumental in promoting and fostering an institutional culture of assessment geared toward enhancing teaching and learning. It is important to note that effective