Recognizing novel solutions to problems requires deep knowledge of the field and from the instructor’s point-of-view it also requires an understanding of the students’ perspective in order to be able to assess whether the work is novel or creative given what the student could be expected to know about the problem and other attempts to solve it. Insightful Role Play human judgment is needed. Students take on a role in order to be able to learn, often simulating an Assessment of creativity per se is rarely done alone. It is usually assessed as a component of authentic situation, either online or in person another task – be it problem-solving, poster design, alternative representations of information (e.g., a diagram, digital story, comic or video) or portfolio design. For instance, assessments that EnROLE: Encouraging Role-based ask students to create diagrams of concepts or events, to design simulations and to role play Online Learning Environments : are potentially powerful means of assessing creativity – as well as research skills, comprehension http://www.uow.edu.au/cedir/enrole/ AACU Creativity Rubric: of course content and communication skills. However, this is unnecessary if you would prefer http://www.aacu.org/value/rubrics/pdf/ solely to assess creativity directly. One way to do this is by asking students to create a new visual CreativeThinking.pdf model to explain a complex theory or phenomenon. This sort of assessment encourages students to convert information learned (typically) through text and voice into a completely different medium, which enables students to reconceptualize and reframe ideas and concepts in creative ways. 38 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES 2.5 SELF-REGULATION AND PROFESSIONAL COMPETENCE For programs to produce competent graduates ready for ‘real-world’ practice, two sub-categories of outcomes should be considered: application and self-regulation. The range of possible application outcomes is limited only by the boundaries of the profession or discipline. Applying them often requires performing certain kinds of calculations, using types of equipment and following certain procedures and protocols that are sometimes presented as codes of professional ethics. For example, Nursing and Health Sciences use Objective Structured Clinical Examinations (OSCE) to observe students performing in a professional capacity (Pugh & Smee, 2013). On the other hand, self-regulation focuses on the demonstration of habits thought to be critical for professional success, such as time- management, goal-setting, organization and self-representation. Reflective writing – whether as learning journals/logs or reflective essays – can focus students’ attention on details of their own experiences with life or course content. This form of meta- cognition is thought by some to be essential for the development of self-regulation and by extension critical thinking. Initially, students will tend to focus on what appears immediately salient but over time reflective writing tasks can help both broaden and deepen the scope of what they notice, as they learn to derive meaning from their experiences. The repetition in reflective journals can help to reinforce some aspects of student experience, providing Reflective Writing opportunities until meaning has been made. Reflective writing involves reflecting on your own experience, making For these reasons, reflective writing has the potential to help students integrate course material connections and creating meaning. Critically reflective writing