you to collect data during busy times of the semester, it is important to ensure that adequate support is available. Course-embedded assessments are ideal for assessing program-level student learning. Among other benefits, they prevent testing fatigue among students, encourage student motivation to complete the assessments and increase the instructors’ expectations that the assessment will be authentic and relevant (Ewell, 2009). If time Timing of Assessment or resources are limited, you can focus on the end-of-program courses, as these are the courses 1. What time of year is best to collect information? that will most likely reflect the achievement of program-level learning outcomes. 2. What point in the program will you collect from (e.g., all years, end-of- If gathering and analyzing data takes more than a year, the information will be less useful for program courses)? nimble program refinement. Again, adequate resources and departmental and institutional 3. How long will you allocate to gather support affect time to completion. If you do not have access to adequate resources, choosing the information? 4. How long will you allocate to to focus on one aspect of assessment (such as one learning outcome or one stakeholder group) analysis? can be useful. Scope of Assessment Using a variety of assessment tasks helps to provide a holistic picture of student achievement. Both the amount and type of data gathered should be sufficient. It is also advisable to use a combination of both direct and indirect methods of assessment. Direct methods demonstrate evidence of student learning, whereas indirect methods (e.g., surveys, focus groups) provide information from which inferences can be drawn about student learning. It is important to collect the types of data that are most meaningful to disciplinary values and most likely to engage faculty and instructors in conversations about program improvement. Scope of Assessment 1. What variety of assessment tasks will be you used? Collecting Assessment Data 2. Will you focus the scope (e.g., on one It would be overwhelming to gather and analyze information on all of the program-level learning program-level learning outcome)? 3. Will you have the resources (people, outcomes at once. Establishing a manageable plan, embedding assessment at the course level time, expertise)? and using assessments that reasonably represent student learning will make the process much more efficient, as they decrease collection and analysis time. Consider early on in the process how results will be reported and used as this may help determine what data are most valuable to collect. We recommend that you start small and focus on a few important goals or program-level learning outcomes each year for review and assessment. Some institutions are using electronic tools to aid data collection and analysis. For example, some learning management systems have components that allow assessments to be linked with learning outcomes at the course and program levels. Rubrics or grades that are entered through this system can be collected and presented in a report that demonstrates the general level of learning outcome attainment (e.g., Kaupp, Frank & Watts, 2013). Technologies that use e-portfolios to represent work gathered over the length of the program