or ePortfolios, which are essentially websites that represent learning in different ways for different audiences and are now much more accessible to the average student than they were only a few years ago. The digital world allows students to draw from a much larger range of sources, or artefacts, as evidence of Learning Portfolio their learning than would be possible with the traditional paper-based systems. Evidence may A systematic collection of evidence for a student’s achievement of learning now take the form of videos, audio recordings, artwork, photographs, computer programs, outcomes, with reflection on the work performance in simulations, recorded performance in virtual worlds, web quests, electronic versions of written assignments (including feedback received), blogs, digital stories and many Comparing course and program level portfolios: other ‘non-traditional’ items if they are relevant and authentic demonstrations of achievement. http://manoa.hawaii.edu/assessment/ howto/portfolios.htm In addition to providing evidence of achievement, portfolios can effectively develop critically reflective habits of mind and self-awareness, especially if introduced at the outset of a program National Institute for Learning and reinforced regularly in each course. Incorporating multiple pieces of evidence over time Outcome Assessment Portfolio has over 50 Resources about portfolios: makes portfolios more likely than other forms of assessment to provide a complete and credible http://www.learningoutcomeassessment. representation of student achievement. For the same reason, portfolios are easy to align with org/publications.html other learning experiences and assessments, such as journals. Though heavy in time investment for students and instructors, portfolios are one of the strongest ways to assess program-level learning outcomes as they allow the collection of and reflection on multiple pieces of evidence within a course and over the length of a program. Products from many of the assessment tasks mentioned in this section can be included within a portfolio, allowing triangulation of evidence, demonstration of change and meta-cognitive reflection on strengths and weaknesses related to program-level learning outcomes. 41 Section 3 DEVELOPING INSTITUTIONAL CAPACIT Y Summary In this section, we discuss the importance of shifting institutional culture to one that values assessment for both meeting external demands for accreditation and accountability, and internal demands for enhancing teaching and learning. We identify strong leadership, sufficient resources and faculty involvement as necessary components. Furthermore, this cultural shift should occur alongside widespread use of authentic assessment practices that are curriculum-embedded and discipline-specific; and here too faculty involvement is vital. Finally, we bridge the gap between formative and summative assessments by discussing the emerging field of learning analytics and how data gathered through formative measures may be collected to conduct summative assessment. Student involvement in all of these processes is one of the future trends to enhance further the institutional culture in its approach to program-level learning outcome assessment and ongoing enhancement. YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES 3.1 SHIFTING THE INSTITUTIONAL CULTURE AND INCREASING AUTHENTIC ASSESSMENT PRACTICES In this section, we will address components of institutional culture and authentic assessment. We will also provide examples of traditional summative approaches to program-level learning outcome assessment but primarily focus our discussion on the emerging field of learning analytics and how data gathered from formative