a variety of disciplines and professions – they are highly relevant, motivational and cognitively demanding (although poorly designed and administered case studies can be superficial and inauthentic). Their design can be simple or 30 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES complex and they are easy to use simultaneously as learning strategies and assessment tasks. Self-directed learning strategies, in which students take greater responsibility in the learning (such as problem-based learning,19 for instance), can be driven by case studies, but they also align well with more teacher-driven forms of instruction such as traditional lecturing. In testing the authenticity and alignment of case studies, it is helpful to seek feedback from departmental colleagues or external practitioners. Once case studies are written, students can practice synthesizing and applying the relevant knowledge through micro-cases in and out of Case Study A description of a realistic or authentic class. The result of that practice provides assessment in itself. situation. This may be presented in a variety of forms, including a descriptive paragraph, newspaper article or long Modified essay questions (MEQs) are a useful way to combine the strengths of case studies and descriptive case. essays in an exam setting by presenting students with a structured series of open-ended essay Sample process: questions to answer in relation to a case study. After students answer one question about a case, http://ar.cetl.hku.hk/am_case_study.htm they are given more information, asked a second question, and so forth. Ideally, the cycle grows increasingly complex and requires more and deeper integration, analysis and evaluation than its predecessors. MEQs may help some students appreciate the importance of following a sequence or process to assess information. Although exams have historically been used in inauthentic ways, if you find yourself forced to give exams due to high enrolment, MEQs may provide an approximation of authentic assessment for critical thinking, written comprehension, problem- solving, reflection and adaptability. Care must be taken, however, to ensure that students who perform poorly on the initial questions are not unduly penalized for it later in the sequence, for example by allowing them to review and revise their answers as they go along. Problem sets – predetermined, often concise problems to be solved quickly – can be used Modified Essay Questions in nearly any discipline or profession and provide a useful, though usually inauthentic or An exam with a structured series of open-ended essay questions to answer disconnected, way to assess problem-solving skills involving a range of content. They are in relation to a case study. After students relatively easy to design and grade, can be scaffolded by using gradually more complex answer one question about a case, they problems to build on each other, and are fairly rigorous and reliable if well designed. are given more information University of Sydney Online adaptation: Debates, mock court sessions, oral arguments and other simulated problem-solving and http://sydney.edu.au/medicine/ argumentative experiences can help students transfer critical thinking to real-world situations. showcase/assessment/meq/index.php The artificial structure of some debates works against authenticity, however, so you must take care not to over-structure them. Similarly, problem-solving can be assessed by giving students a