to establish reliability by giving students the same assessment at the same time in the same (often inauthentic) setting. Because that approach ignores most variables affecting what, whether and how well students learn, traditional reliability may come at the expense of the assessment task’s validity. Emphasizing authentic assessment tasks may increase the tension between reliability and validity: the more assessments mirror real-life situations, the more individual, situated, Reliability uncertain, unpredictable and variable they will be. How then can reliability be reconciled The consistency and objectivity of assessments. At the program-level, with authenticity? this could be achieved through multiple assessments and/or controlled One way is to increase the sophistication of simulations (Petti, 2013) and assessments, such standardized authentic tasks. as through the use of Objective Structured Clinical Examinations (OSCE), so that stylized, realistic problems can be presented to students in a controlled standardized way (Burn, Nestel & Gachoud, 2013). Another way is to emphasize the trustworthiness, credibility and authenticity of the information provided by the assessments in a qualitative context. Cresswell (2009) identified eight qualitative procedures to establish trustworthiness and credibility that can be applied usefully to assessment. One example is to use a variety of assessment methods together with peer- and self-assessment to provide triangulation. Using several convergent data sources and perspectives increases the credibility of the judgments. Portfolios and reflective journals at the program and course levels provide detailed, meaningful information (also supported by the VALUE project, AACU, 2009). Furthermore, because these types of assessments are a product of prolonged engagement by students, they provide greater context and add to the validity of the assessment tasks. Establishing the authenticity, trustworthiness and credibility of assessment tools can help to confirm that students have achieved desired learning outcomes and can reliably apply knowledge and skills to the real world. 17 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES PRINCIPLES FOR ASSESSMENT OF PROGRAM-LEVEL LEARNING OUTCOMES2 Using the above concepts – the quality enhancement, constructive alignment, authentic assessment, SOLO, validity, trustworthiness and credibility – and drawing upon the work of Biggs and Tang (2011); Biggs and Collis (1982); Gulikers, Bastiaens and Kirschner (2004); and Case Study: Boud and Associates (2010), we propose the following set of principles to guide the assessment Carnegie Mellon University of program-level learning outcomes: Assessment for Improvement Within Program Review Processes 1. Ensure that programs are constructively aligned to enable the use of course-embedded Context: “In 2009, Carnegie Mellon University [CMU] began a university- assessments. wide initiative to have each degree- When a program’s courses are adequately aligned with overall program-level learning granting program systematically document their outcomes and outcomes, it becomes possible to use course-embedded assessments to evaluate learning assessment processes. This initiative across the curriculum. Key course-embedded assessments can be selected that best was directly tied to the Curriculum Review and Revision process… demonstrate student learning progress in relation to the program’s intended learning supported centrally through the outcomes. For an example of how this can be done through a learning management system Eberly Center [for Teaching Excellence (LMS), refer to the Learning Analytics Case Study in Section 1.3. and