Purposes Conversely, summative approaches to assessment can also provide formative information and be used to fulfill formative purposes. For example, in her discussion of formative assessment, Taras (2009) considers the formative use of summative information: instructors may use summative results gathered from exams, projects and unit tests to identify areas of weak student performance and thereby focus subsequent teaching efforts. 56 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES Learning Analytics and Summative Assessment In an interview regarding current innovations in assessment, Ahmad identified the emerging field of learning analytics as having great potential in conducting summative assessment (personal communication, November 29, 2013). Learning analytics is “the measurement, collection, analysis, and reporting of data about learners, and their contexts, for the purpose of understanding and optimising learning and the environments in which it occurs” (Mattingly, Rice & Berge, 2012). The data gathered can be used to make predictions about course and program effectiveness. Through statistical and predictive modeling, learning analytics can evaluate large data sets not only to report summative results but also to establish data patterns to make recommendations for improved learning. Learning management systems (LMSs), content management systems (CMSs) and learning content management systems (LCMSs) make this process more streamlined and consistent. Case Study: Learning Analytics at the University of Wollongong (Australia)* The Graduate School of Medicine (GSM) at the University of Wollongong employs learning analytics to collect and analyze data regarding student clinical placements over the course of their medical school training. The developed tool allows students to record their experiences and further enabled instructors to help students integrate their experiences into the curriculum. The GSM uses a learning content management system named Equella to collect and store relevant teaching and learning data, including patient demographics, curricular case studies, and students’ placement locations. Notably, acquired data are used for both summative and formative purposes. Equella allows instructors to track students’ level of involvement and self-reported confidence during the placements, while students identify lacking self-performances and subsequent actions. Conversely, administrators use summative data to ensure quality of the curriculum. *Retrieved from Mattingly et al. (2012) STUDENT ENGAGEMENT Another important trend for improving program-level learning outcome assessment is the engagement of students in the process (Barrie et al., 2009; Hutchings, 2010). A review of Australian practices suggested that teaching graduate attributes is not likely to work unless students perceive the process as worthwhile. Barrie et al. (2009) suggest that involving students is one of eight critical elements that affect an institution’s efforts in curriculum renewal and in Student Engagement achieving institutional-level learning outcomes or graduate attributes. Furthermore, Hutchings Future trends will include students through opportunities to be (2010) reminds us that while instructors might be ambivalent about engaging in program collaborators and co-inquirers: learning-outcome assessment they do care deeply about student learning. Involving students • Focus groups to recommend forms of assessment may actually be the most effective way to engage instructors. We have found through focus • Focus groups to explain assessment group interactions that student explanations of assessment results can be illuminating. There results • Research team members to examine is