each stage. Poster shows are representative of skills needed in many science, Combines visual representation and engineering, health science and business areas. With enough opportunity for feedback oral communication, often to peers and expert communities and revision, students can achieve demanding learning outcomes to high standards. The requirements for synthesis and alternative representation of (typically) written and numerical A short guide and examples: http://www.ucd.ie/t4cms/UCDTLA0039. information alone can be demanding. pdf Poster assignments can be used to assess individuals or groups; they lend themselves to formative feedback from educators and peers; and they can be graded reliably and rigorously using fairly intuitive criteria. Students who struggle to interpret and communicate information visually may feel disadvantaged, so considerations similar to those for oral assessment should be used, including a multiplicity of assessments. It may also be challenging to ensure that students focus on what they are to learn and how effectively they are communicating it rather than focusing on the more superficial aspects of presentation style. By identifying a variety of existing course-embedded assignments that assess communication skills, student development of these skills can be assessed or reported at the program level. This is possible when courses and their assessments are constructively aligned with the program learning outcomes. Data from the course assignments can be compiled for program assessment purposes. 37 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES 2.4 CREATIVITY AND DESIGN The assessment of creativity is often associated with the arts but it is relevant to most, if not all, disciplines and professions. Certainly, in the arts, designing, creating, producing and performing are primary foci of many programs. Most scientists would think first of scientific creativity, which is at the root of what they do. In research-focused programs, students are expected to develop novel interpretations of information, advance innovative arguments and/or creative ways of approaching problems. When developing assessment tasks, many characteristics can be taken as indications of creativity, including flexibility and unorthodoxy in interpretations, drawing obscure but defensible connections, and identifying subtle similarities and differences between phenomena (Sedlacek, 2004). Creativity is often burdened with assumptions of mystery and ineffability – and brings with it a belief that effective assessment is difficult or impossible to achieve (Sedlacek, 2004). Yet it is common to distinguish, for example, between work that displays creativity and work that is merely mimicry. Recognizing novel solutions to problems requires deep knowledge of the field and from the instructor’s point-of-view it also requires an understanding of the students’ perspective in order to be able to assess whether the work is novel or creative given what the student could be expected to know about the problem and other attempts to solve it. Insightful Role Play human judgment is needed. Students take on a role in order to be able to learn, often simulating an Assessment of creativity per se is rarely done alone. It is usually assessed as a component of authentic situation, either online or in person another task – be it problem-solving, poster design, alternative representations of information (e.g., a diagram, digital story, comic or video) or portfolio design. For instance,