the course 3. What tools will you use for collection? for many years, using portfolios and other embedded assessments to determine whether 4. Who will be responsible for managing students have met the learning outcomes (Mentkowski, 2006). data collection? For doing data collection? 5. How will you store the information? Analyzing the Results At this stage, dialogue and reflection between instructors and students are very useful. Guiding questions can lead to fruitful discussion and insight. For example, if analysis indicates that student achievement did not meet expectations on any task, you should consider factors that may have contributed to this finding. Presenting a few critical elements from the initial analysis of the data to instructors and staff groups can lead to further dialogue, iterative cycles (asking for more data) and a more focused discussion (Ewell, 2009). Recent trends in the development of learning analytics tools have produced new methods that institutions may consider to connect the assessment of student performance at the course level Analyzing the Results to the program level. An example of an application of a learning analytics tool is demonstrated 1. Did students achieve the program- in the case study below. level learning outcomes? 2. What patterns or trends do you see? 3. Did anything surprise you? 4. What factors might have contributed to your findings? 5. What does this mean for action? 6. Are there changes to the process of data collection /analysis you should make for future cycles? Case Study: Learning Analytics Context: In 2013, the University of Guelph and Desire2Learn began a pilot project to use Desire2Learn’s Insights analytical tool to align program- and course-level learning outcomes and their assessment. The pilot project focused on measuring learning outcomes achievement for several courses within two programs – Engineering and Arts & Science – by integrating a system of learning outcomes tracking and assessment directly into the Desire2Learn Learning Management System. While the application of learning analytics to outcomes assessment is a relatively new concept, the project will provide the University of Guelph with a comprehensive way to track and assess learning outcomes at the course and program level. In the second year of the project, McMaster University, Wilfrid Laurier University, the University of Waterloo and Mohawk College were invited to join. These project partners contribute to the process of integrating the Insights tool across the province and adapting its functionality to various disciplinary and institutional contexts. The tool is being piloted and used in a variety of different circumstances at each institution. An analytics tool such as Insights has wide applicability for assessment and will ultimately provide flexibility in the way data on learning outcomes achievement are collected in Ontario. 25 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES STAGE 4: MAKE PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS Using assessment data to enhance programs contributes to an institutional culture that values and engages in quality enhancement. Yet most institutions have difficulty translating assessment information into improvement plans and implementing them effectively. While there is evidence that institutions often use program-level assessment data for accreditation and program review purposes, only a small number use