& Associates, 2010). Assessment and learning are closely linked. Teachers may “teach to the test” even if the content or form of the test fails to reflect what they consider to be important (Fredericksen, 1984; Prodromou, 1995). In that case, what students learn from the test depends largely on what they perceive as the requirement of the assessment task rather than what may be the desired learning outcome (Gibbs, 1992). Principles and practices for effective assessment are consistent with assessment aimed at program-level learning outcomes (Barrie et al., 2012). As defined earlier, authentic assessment tasks require students to apply what they have learned (skills, knowledge, values and attitudes) in situations that simulate the performance context of the intended discipline or profession. Authentic assessment includes two key elements: 1) performance assessment: the learner demonstrates the ability to apply the required skills and knowledge; and 2) context: the tasks and conditions of the discipline or profession are 16 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES represented faithfully. Together these elements require that students use the same knowledge, skills, judgment and attitudes that would be expected of practitioners in those disciplines or professions. The authenticity of an assessment task depends on the degree to which it resembles the reality of practice. Standardized assessment instruments like standardized tests are often isolated from practical environments, rendering them largely ineffective in assessing evidence of learning in these contexts (Barrie et al., 2012; Rhodes, 2012). Instead, we recommend discipline- or context-specific, curriculum-embedded assessment methods that are authentic. Validity Whether an assessment task assesses The validity of authentic assessments relates to whether they assess what they are supposed to what it is supposed to, appropriately assess and thus achieve the intended learning outcomes. Learning outcomes require assessment reflecting the level of skills and competences expected of a learner tasks that appropriately reflect the level of skills and competencies expected of the students and for program-level learning outcomes. that require them to demonstrate processes, approaches and attitudes of practitioners in the field. Authentic assessment strategies that reflect not only the tasks but also the context of real- life situations have a high level of construct validity. Reliability of assessments refers to their consistency and objectivity: would two students who achieve similar knowledge and skills perform similarly on the assessment? Traditional assessment methods frequently attempt to establish reliability by giving students the same assessment at the same time in the same (often inauthentic) setting. Because that approach ignores most variables affecting what, whether and how well students learn, traditional reliability may come at the expense of the assessment task’s validity. Emphasizing authentic assessment tasks may increase the tension between reliability and validity: the more assessments mirror real-life situations, the more individual, situated, Reliability uncertain, unpredictable and variable they will be. How then can reliability be reconciled The consistency and objectivity of assessments. At the program-level, with authenticity? this could be achieved through multiple assessments and/or controlled One way is to increase the sophistication of simulations (Petti, 2013) and assessments, such standardized authentic tasks. as through the use of Objective Structured Clinical Examinations (OSCE),