tasks work together to mutually reinforce the achievement of the course-level learning outcomes (Figure 1). By their nature as descriptions of success, learning outcomes are tied to assessment, which is most effective if it takes place in the context of a discipline, profession, program and/or course. Outcomes-based learning in the framework of constructive alignment (Biggs & Tang, 2007) helps curriculum designers observe, measure and assess learning outcomes. Once the learning outcomes and assessment tasks are determined, the learning activities, teaching methods and resources required to achieve those outcomes and assessments may be planned – in turn, every element of a course supports the intended learning. Constructive Alignment at the Course Level COURSE LEVEL FIGURE 1 9 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Constructive Alignment at the Program Level PROGRAM LEVEL COURSE LEVEL COURSE LEVEL COURSE LEVEL FIGURE 2 In a constructively aligned program, the courses are carefully coordinated to ensure steady development or scaffolding from introduction to mastery of the learning outcomes, leading to achievement of the intended program-level outcomes (Figure 2). According to Biggs and Tang (2007), all aspects of teaching and learning in a course should be aligned to the appropriate program-level learning outcomes for clarity of focus. In the assessment activities, students demonstrate their level of achievement of the course learning outcomes. Teaching strategies, learning activities, assessments and resources should all be designed and organized to help students achieve the learning outcomes at the course level. Wiggins and McTighe (2005) suggest a backward design approach that facilitates this alignment in course design. Programs composed of constructively aligned courses contribute toward the achievement of program-level learning outcomes. This program alignment should be approached developmentally to allow students to meet the expectations expressed in the program-level outcomes from the first semester to the last. As Biggs and Tang (2007) suggest, when assessment is conducted in this way, program-level learning outcomes become more strategic and effective; they are an organic component of overall learning strategies. The program-level learning outcomes are also designed to reflect the context of institutional-level graduate attributes, and provincial or disciplinary accreditation expectations (Figure 3). 10 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Constructive Alignment at the Institutional and Provincial Level PROVINCIAL INSTITUTIONAL LEVEL LEVEL Graduate Attributes Expectations/Accreditation PROGRAM LEVEL Outcomes COURSE LEVEL M E N T R E F L E C T I O N A N D E N H A N C E FIGURE 3 11 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES 1.2 CONCEPTS AND PRINCIPLES Institutional and departmental contexts vary a great deal, which makes single approaches to effectively assessing program-level learning outcomes very difficult to formulate. We believe that identifying important concepts and a set of principles that can be applied to diverse environments provides the opportunity for a coherent yet flexible approach. Our approach to the assessment of program-level learning outcomes is guided by four underlying concepts: quality enhancement, constructive alignment, authentic assessment and the Structure of the Observed Learning Outcome (SOLO) taxonomy. These concepts can be considered as a foundation for moving from macro to micro levels. They underpin the handbook and