central roles in developing and implementing assessment within courses; subsequently, data acquired from such assessment instruments are tailored to instructors and address teaching and learning specific to instructors and courses. 52 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES 2. Motivated students Traditional, standardized assessments take place outside of the teaching and learning environment and are therefore not only isolated from the curriculum but hold little consequences for students. Curriculum-embedded assessment instruments, on the other hand, evaluate artefacts that students produce as a direct result of faculty teaching within the classroom or online. Students are therefore more motivated to perform well in these assessment tasks as they are already integrated into existing course activities (Cummings et al., 2008; Rhodes, 2012). 3. Minimized resource expenditure Additional faculty time required for instrument administration and data collection is minimized as assessment activities are integrated into existing course requirements (Cummings et al., 2008). Faculty members can address grading and assessment needs without significantly increasing time and cost investment, while also providing the department and the institution substantial, detailed assessment results (Hardt, 2010). 4. Implications for teaching and learning A curriculum-embedded approach to assessment is faculty-driven and explicitly linked to curricula; therefore, acquired assessment results are directly relevant to improving teaching and learning, clearly identify, and address curricular needs and deficiencies (Cummings et al., 2008). Significantly, assessment of multiple student-produced artefacts over time provides a value- added measure to ascertain effectiveness of current teaching and learning practices (McCarthy, Niederjohn & Bosack, 2011). Furthermore, programmatic assessment through course-embedded assessment instruments allows instructors to track student learning across time (Garretson & Golson, 2005) and to adjust teaching to better improve learning. 5. Implications for programmatic assessment At the level of programmatic assessment, faculty members are expected to carry out assessment activities alongside their regular workloads. Limited time and department resources thereby limit their involvement in assessment efforts (Hardt, 2010). Curriculum-embedded assessment within individual courses can provide an alternate means of conducting overall programmatic assessment while engaging faculty (Cummings et al., 2008). Faculty members often consider their courses in isolation rather than as part of the larger program and are less receptive to program-level assessment instruments; incorporating curriculum- and course-embedded assessment instruments should align course objectives with programmatic learning outcomes and therefore establish how individual courses support larger programmatic goals. This approach not only encourages collaboration and communication between faculty members but the results acquired from course-embedded assessment instruments are also made relevant to programmatic assessment efforts. 6. Flexibility Since curriculum-embedded assessment efforts are mediated by instructors, this approach allows for flexibility in pedagogical style, course content and assessment style and can be implemented in diverse disciplines (Garretson & Golson, 2005). 53 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES The effectiveness of curriculum-embedded assessment instruments in improving teaching and learning at both course and programmatic levels is determined by the following two factors: Appropriate alignment of individual course-level learning outcomes and program-level learning outcomes Assessment results from instruments embedded within individual courses hold direct implications for programmatic assessment when individual course-level learning outcomes Case Study: align with larger program-level learning outcomes. The achievement