the learning cycle multiple times as new ideas are brought in, but the goal is for them to leave the learning cycle eventually by reaching the extended abstract stage. Students may be at a different point in the learning cycle for different topics. Even if students have reached the extended abstract level of understanding about a topic, they may regress if faced with new information that shakes their understanding (Potter & Kustra, 2012). Program-level assessment is most appropriately aimed at the relational or extended abstract level. To explain SOLO we use the example of writing essays, as all of us are familiar with them and in some disciplines this type of assignment can be adapted in an authentic fashion to prepare students for tasks they will use in their professions (see Section 2). 13 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Bigg’s SOLO Taxonomy Pre-structural Uni-structural Multi-structural Relational Extended Abstract Fail, lack of knowledge One relevant aspect Several relevant Integrate into Generalize to and independent a structure a new domain aspects PROGRAM-LEVEL LEARNING OUTCOME ASSESSMENT FIGURE 4 Pre-structural The pre-structural level occurs before the learning cycle begins, when students do not understand what is expected of them (or why). For example, students do not know what an essay is. They are likely to confuse essays with other forms of writing, attribute irrelevant or trivial features to essays or recognize them only as words that have been used by those around them (“Essays are what teachers tell us to write”). Since this is the level at which students are expected to begin a course or program, the only assessment tasks at the pre-structural stage are diagnostic in nature, intended to elicit information about the nature and extent of student understanding and misunderstanding at the outset of a program. Assessment at this level would be used as a baseline to compare assessment of learning outcomes at the end of a program. 14 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Uni-structural The uni-structural level is the first level of what Biggs and Collis (1982) call the learning cycle – the stage where students begin to learn. At the uni-structural level, students have moved from not understanding or misunderstanding essays to understanding very simple approaches. Learning at this level is quantitative in nature in that students have added one fact or idea to their storehouse of knowledge. Whatever students understand about essays is likely to be reductive. They may make simple and obvious general connections (“Writing in this format equals essay”) but they lack the ability to create useful meaning from those connections. Learning outcomes achievable at this level, to use the familiar verbs of Bloom’s Taxonomy, include identifying what essays are, repeating an explanation of what essays are and writing simple essays of particular types. Many standard (often inauthentic) assessment tasks can be used to determine whether students have achieved uni-structural level learning outcomes, such as multiple-choice quizzes and exams, fill-in-the-blanks questions and simple essay assignments. Multi-structural The multi-structural level is the second level of the learning cycle, where students have learned many facts and ideas about