encourages collaboration and communication between faculty members but the results acquired from course-embedded assessment instruments are also made relevant to programmatic assessment efforts. 6. Flexibility Since curriculum-embedded assessment efforts are mediated by instructors, this approach allows for flexibility in pedagogical style, course content and assessment style and can be implemented in diverse disciplines (Garretson & Golson, 2005). 53 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES The effectiveness of curriculum-embedded assessment instruments in improving teaching and learning at both course and programmatic levels is determined by the following two factors: Appropriate alignment of individual course-level learning outcomes and program-level learning outcomes Assessment results from instruments embedded within individual courses hold direct implications for programmatic assessment when individual course-level learning outcomes Case Study: align with larger program-level learning outcomes. The achievement of course outcomes can Curriculum-Embedded Assessment thus correspond with achievement of program-level outcomes. Data gathered from formative Portfolios* assessment measures may therefore be used in summative assessment efforts; this is addressed Rhoda Cummings et al. (2008) describe in greater detail in Section 3.4. the incorporation of student-compiled Appropriate integration of assessment activities into existing course requirements portfolios in a programmatic assessment framework at a Land Grant institution Curriculum-embedded assessment activities should be integrated into already existing curricular in the Western United States. Students entering that program are asked to frameworks so as to minimize faculty workload and time investment, and acquire assessment maintain a portfolio of self-selected results relevant to improving teaching and learning. artefacts that demonstrate six domains of advanced professional competence Examples of curriculum-embedded assessment instruments that permit programmatic in the field of study. Midpoint and assessment of learning outcomes include student portfolios, senior projects, simulations and completed portfolios are evaluated by at least two faculty members to capstones (as described in Section 2), assessed through rubrics. determine whether included artefacts are representative of desired learning outcomes. Weaknesses in portfolios are identified and remedied by meeting DISCIPLINE-SPECIFIC ASSESSMENT with students and recommending changes or accepting other artefact submissions. Studies have shown that content knowledge is crucial in demonstrating critical thinking and The authors credit such curriculum- problem solving skills (Banta & Pike, 2012). Authentic assessment instruments require students embedded assessments with to make connections between general abilities and skills and the disciplinary knowledge and increasing awareness of best practices in improving both individual contexts they have acquired through their majors and discipline-specific education. Successful student performance and program discipline-based assessment instruments take into consideration such contexts. The integration effectiveness. Furthermore, the of discipline-based, programmatic assessment leads to greater, more coherent understanding of alignment of individual course-level learning outcomes and program-level how individual courses are connected with program-level learning outcomes and subsequently learning outcomes resulted in increased to the alignment of course assessment techniques with program-level outcomes. Significantly, faculty-student involvement and meaningful program modifications. The results from discipline-specific assessment measures are more beneficial to faculty and therefore integration of assessment in existing more applicable in efforts to improve teaching and learning (Banta & Pike, 2012). frameworks minimized faculty resource investment and maintained faculty engagement in assessment efforts. *Retrieved from Cummings et al. (2008)