work unless students perceive the process as worthwhile. Barrie et al. (2009) suggest that involving students is one of eight critical elements that affect an institution’s efforts in curriculum renewal and in Student Engagement achieving institutional-level learning outcomes or graduate attributes. Furthermore, Hutchings Future trends will include students through opportunities to be (2010) reminds us that while instructors might be ambivalent about engaging in program collaborators and co-inquirers: learning-outcome assessment they do care deeply about student learning. Involving students • Focus groups to recommend forms of assessment may actually be the most effective way to engage instructors. We have found through focus • Focus groups to explain assessment group interactions that student explanations of assessment results can be illuminating. There results • Research team members to examine is also a movement towards integrating research and teaching in undergraduate research program-level learning outcomes experiences. Involving students in projects assessing learning is a phenomenal way to integrate • Project team members to implement learning, teaching and research for students, building a more complete institutional culture that new ideas • Involvement in networks, committees cares about learning and engages in ongoing enhancement. and open conversations. 57 YRAMMUS SUMMARY In this handbook, we have discussed how your program can be thinking, problem-solving, judgment and insight; research enhanced and enriched by assessing program-level learning and scholarship; communication; creativity and design; and outcomes. In Section 1, we outlined authenticity, validity and self-regulation and professional competence – we described reliability of assessment practices and principles and described how various assessment tasks can align to course learning how you can design assessments with these components objectives and ultimately be used to determine the success in mind. Drawing on established theoretical concepts and of program-level learning objectives. frameworks, we described how course-level learning outcomes In the final section, we discussed the importance of shifting should align to larger program-level learning outcomes. institutional culture to one that values assessment for both Section 1 continued with an outline of how you can create a meeting external demands for accreditation and accountability plan for assessing program-level learning outcomes. and internal demands for enhancing teaching and learning. In Section 2, we applied the theoretical framework outlined at Specifically, we identified strong leadership, sufficient the beginning of this handbook. Specifically, we described a resources and faculty involvement as necessary components variety of assessment tasks, categorized by possible learning for institutions to make this shift. Finally, we bridged the gap outcome. These would be selected and integrated within between formative and summative assessments by discussing a program-level plan, choosing the best assessment tasks the emerging field of learning analytics and how data gathered for particular program learning outcomes. We stressed the through formative measures may be collected to conduct importance of creating assessment tasks that are well-designed summative assessment of program learning objectives. and clearly communicated to students in an environment that It is our hope that this handbook will assist you in making this encourages and supports learning. This section described a cultural shift at your own institution through the development range of assessment tasks and