a simulated or a real setting, Simulations and micro-practica are usually performed under more controlled, timed conditions usually observed by others (such as within one class period). While less authentic than full practica, they still offer many Work-based learning practicum of the same advantages for learning and assessment. A sequence or set of simulations can be and internship: created to represent what might be required in a full practicum. One form of micro-practicum, http://casn.berkeley.edu/resource_files/ WBL_Definitions_Outcomes_Criteria_ common in nursing, is known as an Objective Structured Clinical Examination (OSCE) and pg_120512_v2.pdf requires students to perform a series of tasks under pressure in a simulated environment. If peer and/or self-evaluation are used with practica, students must be trained beforehand or their feedback may be inconsistent or inflated. As is typical, the reliability of practicum assessment may be proportionate to the level of structure provided – the less structure you 40 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES provide, the more inconsistency you will find in the assessment results. In some cases, this may be an expected and acceptable situation; in other cases, consistent results may be the goal. Practica and simulations may require a lot of time to create and coordinate – practica require more coordination but less time for creation, while simulations require more time for creation but less coordination. Learning portfolios, either course-level or program-level, continue to increase in popularity. They require students to combine multiple pieces of evidence to demonstrate achievement of one or many intended learning outcomes. The items are often completed over the course of a semester or academic year, though for purposes of fidelity (the ability to ensure a grade can be trusted as an accurate, authentic communication about what a student has achieved), items completed earlier in the semester should be revised and refined in light of formative feedback. Portfolios often include essays reflecting what students have learned. The explanations turn each included item into evidence of achievement, connecting it explicitly to the intended learning outcomes. At a program level, the items should be gathered from each of the student’s courses and connections should be drawn between them to tell the story of the student’s progress and achievement. Portfolios may be paper-based folders or binders, electronic media or a combination of the two. Recent developments in technology permit the use of electronic or ePortfolios, which are essentially websites that represent learning in different ways for different audiences and are now much more accessible to the average student than they were only a few years ago. The digital world allows students to draw from a much larger range of sources, or artefacts, as evidence of Learning Portfolio their learning than would be possible with the traditional paper-based systems. Evidence may A systematic collection of evidence for a student’s achievement of learning now take the form of videos, audio recordings, artwork, photographs, computer programs, outcomes, with reflection on the work performance in simulations, recorded performance in virtual worlds, web quests, electronic versions of written assignments (including feedback received), blogs, digital stories and many Comparing course and program level portfolios: other ‘non-traditional’ items