budget and curriculum reviews (Shipman et al., 2003). FACULTY INVOLVEMENT Support from teaching and learning centres, campus leaders and resources contributes to a culture that values assessment; and these efforts must be complemented in turn by faculty buy-in and engagement (Hutchings, 2010). Formal assessment might be the impetus for initially engaging in program assessment; however, fostering a culture that values teaching, learning and assessment is essential for continuous improvement and enhancement of learning. Scholars have found that an institutional culture that values assessment encourages faculty engagement in assessment: simply put, faculty members are more likely to engage in authentic assessment if the institution publicly and strategically commits to it as well (Wang & Hurley, 2012). At the grassroots, faculty members provide the expertise and discipline-specific knowledge necessary to develop authentic assessment instruments and are instrumental in the successful implementation of authentic assessment practices (Baker et al., 2012; Van Dyke, 2013). On the other hand, there are several factors that dissuade faculty engagement in these types of initiatives (Hutchings, 2010): • Assessment is seen as part of management culture. • Faculty are not trained in assessment. • Teaching in general, including assessment work, is often undervalued in hiring and promotion and tenure processes. • There is no good evidence that engaging in program-level learning outcomes assessment results in improved student learning. 48 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES In attempting to address many of these challenges, we find it most effective to approach assessment as a scholarly activity undertaken for the purpose of enhancing teaching and learning. Assessment as a Scholarly Activity Faculty willingness to engage in program-level learning outcome assessment can be encouraged if they perceive assessment as a scholarly activity, as “a form of community property that can be discussed, critiqued, exchanged, built upon” (Schulman, 1993). Schulman (1999) notes that something becomes “scholarship when it becomes public; an object of critical review and evaluation by members of one’s community; and members of one’s community begin to use, build upon, and develop those acts of mind and creation.” If faculty perceive assessment as an intellectual endeavour, part of their role as members of the institution, and one capable of producing data and effecting change, they are more likely to participate and value the process. Assessment for the Purpose of Enhancing Teaching and Learning Faculty members are more likely to participate in program-level learning outcome assessment efforts if it is clear that the results may directly impact their own teaching practices, the program and student learning (Wang & Hurley, 2012). Faculty engagement is deterred if assessment measures are undertaken primarily for accountability or accreditation purposes. Reverting the focus of assessment from a top-down initiative to one that involves multiple stakeholders working together to focus on improving student learning welcomes a culture of inclusivity, distributed leadership and quality teaching. Engaging Faculty: Practical Approaches We have included three practical approaches that institutions can use to help faculty view assessment as a scholarly activity that can enhance teaching and learning. 1. Professional Development Centres for teaching and learning can offer workshops and programs on authentic assessment,