that in practice, summative and formative tasks form a continuum of sorts and that the same assessment task may provide information for both summative and formative assessment (Harlen & James, 1997). Therefore, perhaps the distinction exists not necessarily between summative and formative tasks but rather between summative and formative information: assessment tasks that consider how learning occurs provide formative information, while assessment tasks that determine if learning has occurred provide summative information. Common assessment tasks that provide summative information include but are not limited to: standardized tests, final exams, final projects, term papers and cumulative student portfolios. Not only does summative information allow institutions to benchmark progress regarding student learning and is it important for accreditation and accountability purposes, but it is also necessary for making large-scale decisions about program curricula and enhancing overall institutional, programmatic and departmental effectiveness (Benjamin et al., 2012). 55 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES Formative Assessment Used for Summative Purposes Formative approaches to assessment can provide summative information. In their discussion of assessment, Harlen and James (1997) identify the following conditions for using formative assessment procedures and information reliably to conduct summative assessment: a) “[Formative information] is reviewed strictly against the criteria of what students are expected to achieve at certain ages/stages.” • External criteria should be used to determine how data gathered for formative purposes can be used summatively. b) “The criteria are applied holistically, using judgments as to the ‘best fit.’” • F ormative data should be reviewed and aligned with uniformly applied criteria. It must also be understood that not all of the gathered formative information will meet the aforementioned criteria; therefore, not all formative information can be used for summative purposes. c) “There is some way of ensuring that the judgments of one teacher are comparable with those of other teachers.” • One approach to standardize judgments across instructors is to collectively discuss their judgments of collections of students’ work. As is evident in Harlen and James’ conditions, summative use of formative data requires proper alignment. Summative assessment is not possible by simply gathering formative assessment information; rather, such assessment requires careful selection, judgment and consideration of formative information. Similarly, larger-scale program assessment of program-level learning outcomes can be conducted by aligning course learning outcomes with programmatic learning outcomes. Summative Assessment Used for Formative Purposes Conversely, summative approaches to assessment can also provide formative information and be used to fulfill formative purposes. For example, in her discussion of formative assessment, Taras (2009) considers the formative use of summative information: instructors may use summative results gathered from exams, projects and unit tests to identify areas of weak student performance and thereby focus subsequent teaching efforts. 56 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES Learning Analytics and Summative Assessment In an interview regarding current innovations in assessment, Ahmad identified the emerging field of learning analytics as having great potential in conducting summative assessment (personal communication, November 29, 2013). Learning analytics is “the measurement, collection, analysis, and reporting of data about learners, and their contexts, for the purpose of understanding and optimising learning and the environments