to identify or articulate the learning outcomes that they have achieved; greater clarity may help graduates better articulate their skills and attributes to future employers (Barrie et al., 2009; Martini & Clare, 2014). It is therefore important to communicate learning outcomes to students throughout their program of study. There are a number of factors worth considering when identifying learning outcomes (Figure 6), such as students’ knowledge prior to entering a program; the curriculum; types of teaching and learning techniques they will experience within the program; possible methods of assessment; and expectations from external bodies, including government agencies and professional associations. It is often helpful for all instructors in the program to contribute to the development and review of program-level learning outcomes to ensure that essential learning outcomes are captured and that they understand thoroughly the outcomes and their purpose. Additionally, it is helpful at this stage to involve students and employers, often done through focus groups, interviews or questionnaires. Once desired program-level learning outcomes are clear and appropriate, the next step is to ensure that there is constructive alignment at the course, program, institutional and provincial levels. 20 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Influences on Program-Level Learning Outcomes Degree Level Prior Knowledge Expectations Ministry PROGRAM-LEVEL Curriculum, Teaching Standards and Learning Learning Outcomes Accreditation Methods of Assessment FIGURE 6 STAGE 2: MAP ASSESSMENT TASKS THROUGHOUT THE PROGRAM Curriculum mapping provides an effective strategy for articulating, aligning and integrating learning outcomes across a sequence of courses and explicitly locating how student learning outcomes are delivered within a program (Kopera-Frye, Mahaffy & Svare, 2008; Uchiyama & Radin, 2009). It is important to identify how and where learning occurs in the curriculum and how it is assessed. Curriculum maps often categorize learning by courses and clarify how each course contributes to the program-level learning outcomes and, furthermore, how these outcomes contribute to institutional or provincial expectations (Figure 3). Mapping is a visual approach to analyzing programs and it can be accomplished using charts, tables, diagrams or any other process that enables an overview and analysis of the program as a whole. Mapping reveals patterns otherwise difficult to detect and makes transparent subtleties in the alignment of assessments and program-level learning outcomes. This process can be managed by a small team that gathers initial information from instructors and incorporates the data into a curriculum map. The team can hold a retreat or meeting to review the information for accuracy and to analyze the map, inviting the program instructors, the program coordinator, the department head and an educational developer to act as facilitators. Several institutions, such as the University of Guelph9 and Ryerson University10 (Mazurat & Schönwetter, 2009), have developed or purchased software to aid with curriculum map development. Two examples of simple curriculum maps are included below (Examples 1 and 2). 9 http://www.uoguelph.ca/vpacademic/avpa/outcomes/curriculummap.php 10 http://www.ryerson.ca/lt/programs/curriculum/curriculumdevelopment 21 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Mapping Program-Level Learning Outcomes to Teaching, Learning and Assessment Program-Level Degree Level Teaching Activities Assessments Learning Outcomes Expectations and Learning and Evidence Opportunities By the end of the For each program-level For each program-level