or idea to their storehouse of knowledge. Whatever students understand about essays is likely to be reductive. They may make simple and obvious general connections (“Writing in this format equals essay”) but they lack the ability to create useful meaning from those connections. Learning outcomes achievable at this level, to use the familiar verbs of Bloom’s Taxonomy, include identifying what essays are, repeating an explanation of what essays are and writing simple essays of particular types. Many standard (often inauthentic) assessment tasks can be used to determine whether students have achieved uni-structural level learning outcomes, such as multiple-choice quizzes and exams, fill-in-the-blanks questions and simple essay assignments. Multi-structural The multi-structural level is the second level of the learning cycle, where students have learned many facts and ideas about essays and/or can write multiple forms of essays. However, this quantitative increase in learning does not result in greater depth or complexity in how they understand those facts or ideas in relation to each other. They learn each fact or idea independently from others, aside from a few obvious and simple connections. At this stage, there is little or no integration or organization of knowledge. Learning outcomes achievable at this level include describing the components of multiple forms of essays, combining one’s own thoughts into paragraphs to create essays and performing simple algorithms or procedures. Many standard (but often inauthentic) assessment tasks can be used to determine whether students have achieved multi-structural-level learning outcomes, such as multiple-choice quizzes and exams, fill-in-the-blanks questions, application exercises and essay assignments. Relational At the relational level, students move from quantitative increases in learning to qualitative increases in learning (deepening understanding and creating meaning, rather than merely adding items to a disconnected set of what they know). This depends on their ability to generalize and abstract from particular bits of information. At this stage, students can draw increasingly complex connections and distinctions between facts, ideas, theories, actions and purposes. They can compose their own arguments about what they are learning and may create meaning and purpose from course material, integrate parts to create a sense of the whole, and elaborate connections between facts and theory, action and purpose. At the relational level, students’ ability to apply competently what they learn to familiar problems or experiences becomes evident. When students encounter contextual difficulties at the relational level, they may slide back to the multi-structural level or uni-structural level before returning to the relational level. This is why we use the term “learning cycle” – to avoid the impression of strictly linear progress through the SOLO levels. 15 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Learning outcomes achievable at this level include analyzing why essays are arranged in certain ways for certain purposes, relating essay structure to rhetorical intent and integrating multiple types of essays to create a document serving multiple purposes. To assess whether students have achieved relational-level (or extended-abstract level) learning outcomes requires more complex, involved and time-consuming methods than those used for multi-structural learning – such as course-length projects and multi-stage term papers. Most higher education courses should expect