next cycle of assessment)? employers). A follow-up plan should be developed, including timelines and responsible persons. At this point, you can decide if additional information is needed before initiating action. In most cases, this might include a review of the literature on teaching and learning or conducting a small research project on the program-level learning outcome in question. It might be useful to conduct a data audit to discover any assessment data the institution collects that are not already used for program-level learning outcome assessment. Many institutions have small grant programs or strategic funding opportunities that could provide resources to engage in a small research project to trial and evaluate a program enhancement (Deepwell & Buckley, 2013). It is important to share the results of the program assessment since a substantial time commitment is often involved in program enhancement and willingness to commit more time in the future may be affected by the perception that past cycles have had an impact. Information can be shared in a variety of ways, including faculty-wide or department meetings, retreats, small focused meetings, email updates, websites, formal reports, conference presentations and articles (Kuh et al., 2014). Just as multiple assessment tasks provide more comprehensive Transparent Communication 1. Who will you be communicating information about student learning, multiple reporting formats broaden understanding and with? appeal to a wider range of audiences. Information may be summarized as tallies, percentages, 2. How and when is best? scores or qualitative summaries. Patterns of performance may be compared among cohorts 3. What format for presenting results will prompt conversations that or groups, instructors, or peers over time. Targeting the questions that influence instructor are most likely to enhance student practice may motivate change (Blaich & Wise, 2011). Again, the best approach depends on learning in the program? 4. How will reporting formats help the program-level learning outcomes, how outcomes are assessed, etc.; open, creative answer questions about student discussion is imperative. It is helpful to decide during the information-gathering process learning and achievement of how the results will be summarized and reported. program-level learning outcomes? 26 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Creating a comprehensive plan for assessment helps to ensure that program-level learning outcomes are explicit to students and stakeholders; teaching and learning activities are aligned with learning outcomes; assessment tasks are effective, coordinated and structured throughout the program; students are meeting key learning outcomes; and investment in assessment pays off in improvement and enhancement of programs. For an example, see Case Study: Washington State University Monitoring Progress in Assessment for Improvement below. Case Study: Washington State University, Monitoring Progress in Assessment for Improvement Context: “The Senate of Washington State University [WSU] instituted its initial program assessment policy in 1990. The 2009 update to the policy specified that “the faculty associated with each undergraduate and graduate degree program will develop a plan for assessing…students about to receive the degree… Departments must be able to demonstrate improvements over time.”11 Examples of Assessment for Improvement: The Office of Assessment of Teaching and Learning provides numerous examples of how WSU programs use assessment