with a structured series of open-ended essay questions to answer disconnected, way to assess problem-solving skills involving a range of content. They are in relation to a case study. After students relatively easy to design and grade, can be scaffolded by using gradually more complex answer one question about a case, they problems to build on each other, and are fairly rigorous and reliable if well designed. are given more information University of Sydney Online adaptation: Debates, mock court sessions, oral arguments and other simulated problem-solving and http://sydney.edu.au/medicine/ argumentative experiences can help students transfer critical thinking to real-world situations. showcase/assessment/meq/index.php The artificial structure of some debates works against authenticity, however, so you must take care not to over-structure them. Similarly, problem-solving can be assessed by giving students a set of principles and information and asking them to follow a process to reach a defensible solution – or, to make the assessment more complex, asking students to devise a strategy by integrating, evaluating and applying multiple sources of information to develop a feasible strategy. Assessments that involve critiquing and improving an existing problem-solving process can assess problem-solving skills, evaluate them, and could easily be designed to engage students in research. The assessment of critical thinking is often combined with assessment of writing in argumentative, persuasive or evaluative writing assignments such as essays, speeches, poems, book reviews, letters to the editor, or journals. We expand on some of these below. To assess insight and judgment, mock advice columns directed at the problems of real or simulated persons can be useful. 19 See http://cll.mcmaster.ca/resources/pbl.html. 31 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES Analysis – distinguishing parts of a whole and distilling information so that it is clearly understood – can be assessed by asking students to create flow charts that identify key steps in a process or deconstruct an argument. Assessments that require students to deconstruct the assumptions embedded in sets of information, analyze arguments into their component claims and logic, or problematize a seemingly unproblematic statement can allow students to demonstrate critical thinking skills thought to be essential to the education of democratic citizens. Debate A structured argument, considering Evaluation and judgment appear at the relational and extended abstract levels of SOLO and can multiple viewpoints and arriving at be assessed only in that context. It often takes more care and time to create assessments for a judgement them, particularly when first beginning to use this type of assessment. Two-step assessments Variations of formats: asking students to design and defend criteria for judging phenomena before applying them http://www.usma.edu/cfe/literature/ involve deep assessment of content knowledge, application of the principles and logic specified vargo_12.pdf by the program, and multiple forms of thinking and judgment. Similarly, debates, oral arguments and writing tasks that ask students to judge the value, acceptability, merit or accuracy of an idea or argument engage subjective elements of critical thinking that push students beyond following rote procedures and parroting what they believe is required to discover what solving particular problems actually requires. Ultimately, when courses are aligned appropriately to program learning outcomes, it becomes possible