to identify and assess learning outcomes at designed to pilot the use of standardized tests to assess broad levels and across disciplines; for example, the Dublin student attainment of discipline-specific learning outcomes. Descriptors define learning outcomes across the European For example, the Higher Education Quality Council of Ontario higher education sector (Harris, 2009). (HEQCO) has trialed the use of the Collegiate Learning Recently, attention has also been focused on discipline- Assessment with civil engineering students (Lennon, 2014). specific learning outcomes. For example, the United Kingdom Concerns related to sample size and self-selection bias Quality Assurance Agency engaged in a process to identify were raised, including fears that information might be more focused disciplinary learning outcomes called Subject used for ranking and to re-allocate public resources to the Benchmark Statements, which are evaluated by external detriment of institutions, and that the limited information examiners. The Bologna Tuning Process (1999), Tuning Latin from standardized tests would be too simplistic for use in America Projects (2004) and Tuning USA (2009) worked to complex institutional contexts (Tremblay et al., 2012; Lennon, identify disciplinary learning outcomes (Harris, 2009; Barrie 2014). Even though international projects are beginning to et al., 2011). Similarly, the Valid Assessment of Learning in explore methods to assess learning outcomes at program Undergraduate Education (VALUE) focused on assessment or institutional levels, assessment remains a difficult and through generation of rubrics in the US (AACU, 2009). complex task. 1 For more information on the specifics of the Bologna Process, visit http://www.ehea.info/article-details.aspx?ArticleId=5 5 ECAFERP THE ONTARIO CONTEXT Similar to trends in the international context, the Ontario of programs of instruction by the local college’s board of postsecondary system has been involved in identifying governors, makes up a component of the self-regulatory program-level learning outcomes for many years, with strong mechanism for the college system (Ontario College Quality leaders especially at the college level. In 1990, the provincial Assurance Service, 2014). government published Vision 2000: Quality and Opportunity, With the implementation of the Quality Assurance Framework in which it recommended establishing a council mandated to (Ontario University Council on Quality Assurance ((OUCQA), develop program standards for the college system (Ontario 2012) and the Degree Level Expectations (Ontario Council of Council of Regents for Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology, Academic Vice-Presidents (OCAV), 2007; Council of Ontario 1990; Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (MTCU), Universities (COU), n.d.), Ontario universities are now also 2006a, 2006b). Both college and university programs now use committed to the assessment of program-level learning a set of program-level learning outcomes to determine what outcomes and the continuous improvement of academic students are expected to achieve by the time they graduate. learning. Both colleges and universities follow self-regulatory Many institutions in Ontario have also developed expectations processes. Universities submit program-level learning at the institutional level, often called “graduate attributes” outcomes through the Ontario University Council on Quality (Barrie et al., 2009). Assurance, following an institutional process that is consistent College programs include: 1) a vocational standard specific with the Quality Assurance Framework (OUCQA, 2012). to the program; 2) essential employability skills standards The assessment