need not be written, thus saving time. The reliability, rigour and authenticity of oral assessment can be as high as that of any other form of assessment, provided care is taken to communicate and use pre-determined criteria. Using a group or committee to grade oral assessment may help to prevent both the perception and the reality of biased judgment, as long as each member undergoes training and moderation to increase inter-rater reliability. Perhaps the most obvious benefit is that oral assessment provides opportunities to those who struggle with written communication – opportunities they need in order to be equitably assessed, ensuring that their actual understanding is evaluated rather than their writing ability. However, it also disadvantages students who struggle with public speaking or freeze under pressure. Intimidation and anxiety are greater issues for some students than for others. For this reason, we recommend practicing smaller oral assessments in-class (easier to do in discussion- based courses and seminars) and in some cases allowing students to choose oral assessment from among other options. 36 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES Presentations are quite popular, especially in upper-year courses where much program-level learning outcome assessment occurs. Nowadays, these are typically multimedia presentations involving an oral, visual, multimedia or written component, for example, in slideshows and videos. Presentations have the potential – typically unrealized – of being truly multimedia and thus of providing an opportunity to assess students’ ability to communicate orally, textually and visually at once. Oral presentations can be recorded and compared through each year of a degree to document and assess change through a program. For example, Alverno College has a long history of intentionally assessing the development of oral skills through the program (Loacker, 1981). Poster creation and poster shows can be an authentic means of assessing students’ ability to communicate academic ideas, especially in programs that are primarily intended to prepare students for academic careers. Creating a well-crafted poster for a poster show requires students to summarize a mass of information succinctly, interpret and communicate it visually, and answer questions about it while competing with other posters for time and attention. Consequently, standards and assessment criteria for a poster assignment can be set quite high, especially if students are required to develop their posters in stages, with feedback, even Poster Show from peers, on each stage. Poster shows are representative of skills needed in many science, Combines visual representation and engineering, health science and business areas. With enough opportunity for feedback oral communication, often to peers and expert communities and revision, students can achieve demanding learning outcomes to high standards. The requirements for synthesis and alternative representation of (typically) written and numerical A short guide and examples: http://www.ucd.ie/t4cms/UCDTLA0039. information alone can be demanding. pdf Poster assignments can be used to assess individuals or groups; they lend themselves to formative feedback from educators and peers; and they can be graded reliably and rigorously using fairly intuitive criteria. Students who struggle to interpret and communicate information visually may feel disadvantaged, so considerations similar to those for oral assessment should be used, including a multiplicity