members are more likely to participate in program-level learning outcome assessment efforts if it is clear that the results may directly impact their own teaching practices, the program and student learning (Wang & Hurley, 2012). Faculty engagement is deterred if assessment measures are undertaken primarily for accountability or accreditation purposes. Reverting the focus of assessment from a top-down initiative to one that involves multiple stakeholders working together to focus on improving student learning welcomes a culture of inclusivity, distributed leadership and quality teaching. Engaging Faculty: Practical Approaches We have included three practical approaches that institutions can use to help faculty view assessment as a scholarly activity that can enhance teaching and learning. 1. Professional Development Centres for teaching and learning can offer workshops and programs on authentic assessment, explicitly detailing how effective assessment measures improve teaching and learning; how to design and assess learning outcomes; and how to design and implement assessment instruments, rubrics, and methods of data-collection and analyses. While assessment that is embedded and connected to the department or discipline can be helpful in creating context, institutions in the UK have found that establishing networks and opportunities (Hutchings, 2010) to share ideas with faculty from other disciplines and departments can provide a useful space to learn from one another and exchange ideas (Eales-Reynolds, personal communication, 2004). As a central, campus-wide service, teaching and learning centres can organize and support these initiatives. Some institutions also offer graduate students professional development opportunities: departments are increasingly offering programs of study with options for participating in credit courses or programs on teaching and learning, curriculum design, assessment and alignment (i.e., University Teaching Certificate Program, http://www1.uwindsor.ca/ctl/utc). 49 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES Case Study: Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Faculty Development Workshops* Van Dyke (2013) describes the success of sequential, faculty development workshops at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University. Specifically, he notes how introductory workshops covered external demands for accountability while advocating internal demands for improvement. Furthermore, he discusses how task-specific workshops approached assessment as a scholarly activity, recognizing that faculty members were more likely to engage in assessment from their own perspectives and volition. * Retrieved from Van Dyke (2013 2. Recognition of Assessment as a Form of Scholarship: Grants and Tenure If we view assessment as a form of scholarship and hold this to be true through our institutional renewal and reward structures, faculty members would likely engage in assessment processes. Institutions could implement policies and procedures that recognize and reward instructors who participate in program-level assessment. Institutions can also encourage faculty involvement by providing funding or support for external grant applications that examine effective methods for program-level learning outcomes assessment; allocating time and resources to develop assessment techniques; and providing rewards and outlets for faculty members to share their findings. These changes demonstrate institutional commitment to assessment for improving teaching and learning and to implementing and maintaining a culture of assessment. 3. Faculty Leadership Faculty members can also serve multiple leadership positions in the assessment process. Researchers have found that direct enlistment of faculty members in assessment efforts, especially