early on in the process how results will be reported and used as this may help determine what data are most valuable to collect. We recommend that you start small and focus on a few important goals or program-level learning outcomes each year for review and assessment. Some institutions are using electronic tools to aid data collection and analysis. For example, some learning management systems have components that allow assessments to be linked with learning outcomes at the course and program levels. Rubrics or grades that are entered through this system can be collected and presented in a report that demonstrates the general level of learning outcome attainment (e.g., Kaupp, Frank & Watts, 2013). Technologies that use e-portfolios to represent work gathered over the length of the program are also becoming more effective in supporting the process (e.g., Mentkowski, 2006). Other institutions engage the help of institutional research analysis offices. These offices have expertise and access to online survey systems and data analytics. Various types of data may draw attention to disparities between direct and indirect forms of assessment. This can be particularly helpful when triangulating assessment results, instructor perceptions of assessing learning outcomes and student reports of achieving learning outcomes. Relying solely on student 24 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES self-reporting is limiting; it may be illuminating to ask students to reflect upon their learning experiences. Students might be asked: • How much has this course/program contributed to the following outcomes? • What outcomes did you spend the greatest amount of time developing? • Which outcomes did you feel had the least time spent developing them? (adapted from Kenny & Desmarais, 2012) Collecting Assessment Data • What have instructors and staff done that has made the biggest difference to your learning? 1. How many and what kinds of assessment information data will • What makes a class difficult for you? (adapted from Blaich & Wise, 2011) you examine? What will best reflect student learning? As mentioned in Section 1.2, you could use baseline assessments to analyze chosen program- 2. Is there a question or problem that level learning outcomes at the beginning and end of a program to examine change over time. you are interested in answering that will focus your collection? Alverno College has been engaging in program-level learning outcome assessment the course 3. What tools will you use for collection? for many years, using portfolios and other embedded assessments to determine whether 4. Who will be responsible for managing students have met the learning outcomes (Mentkowski, 2006). data collection? For doing data collection? 5. How will you store the information? Analyzing the Results At this stage, dialogue and reflection between instructors and students are very useful. Guiding questions can lead to fruitful discussion and insight. For example, if analysis indicates that student achievement did not meet expectations on any task, you should consider factors that may have contributed to this finding. Presenting a few critical elements from the initial analysis of the data to instructors and staff groups can lead to further dialogue, iterative cycles (asking for more