can focus students’ attention on details of their own experiences with life or course content. This form of meta- cognition is thought by some to be essential for the development of self-regulation and by extension critical thinking. Initially, students will tend to focus on what appears immediately salient but over time reflective writing tasks can help both broaden and deepen the scope of what they notice, as they learn to derive meaning from their experiences. The repetition in reflective journals can help to reinforce some aspects of student experience, providing Reflective Writing opportunities until meaning has been made. Reflective writing involves reflecting on your own experience, making For these reasons, reflective writing has the potential to help students integrate course material connections and creating meaning. Critically reflective writing goes beyond into their own thinking, make connections between ideas initially perceived as isolated and this to judge your own conclusions and gradually see the course and the discipline as relevant to their own lives and the world. Actually assumptions. achieving this potential, of course, is a matter of details. Examples of reflective journal writing Reflective writing should not be confused with critically reflective writing. In critically reflective in different disciplines: writing, students must go beyond making connections and creating meaning – they must https://www.aub.edu.lb/ctl/activities/ seminars/Documents/2012-13/ judge their own conclusions and assumptions, subjecting them to rigorous scrutiny. This moves SelfJournals.pdf students past mere pattern-recognition to develop critical thinking skills, judgment and habits of humility, honesty and integrity that are important in many disciplines. A benefit of reflective and critically reflective writing tasks is that they are easy to create and adapt. Most students require a simple prompt – often a question or a request, which can be found online – to get them started. Prompts from one discipline can often be adapted for others with minor tweaking. 39 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES One danger in evaluating student performance on reflective tasks is that educators mistake evaluation of reflective writing for evaluation of reflective thinking. As with any assessment task intended to judge an internal state or process – such as understanding, awareness, value, attitude, creativity and the like – the evaluation must involve careful judgment. In these cases we are inferring conclusions about what is happening internally from publicly observable products. Students who struggle to express themselves articulately in writing may be able to reflect critically, so the assessment criteria must be articulated carefully. By teaching students to reflect and critique using diverse exemplars, discussion, ample constructive feedback and opportunities for revision – in a respectful and honest atmosphere – many who struggle at the outset can improve substantially. Additionally, those same tools provide multiple opportunities to assess how students think, which improve the trustworthiness of your inferences. Like essays, reflective writing tasks are time-consuming for both students and educators, easy to treat superficially and authentic in a narrow range of contexts. At present, they are probably used inauthentically more often than not, as in many cases the connections to discipline or future contexts for application are not made clear by the instructors.