takes many forms. In some disciplines and professions, argumentative and persuasive writing is the norm, and in others, research reports, professional memos and strategy documents, executive summaries or marketing plans. In fact, written communication is typically the means by which critical thinking is assessed indirectly. Essays are still the most common form of written assessment. When poorly designed, essays can be an inauthentic form of assessment. However, there are many different types of essays – some are critical and argumentative, some report the results of research, some are reflective, some persuasive – that can be used in authentic ways to assess student learning. Many educators have experimented with visual essays in the form of comic strips, films, photographic sequences, or multimedia essays that can be uploaded to YouTube or a learning management system. These alternative essay formats may seem odd to those accustomed to thinking of essays as Visual Essays documents. Nevertheless, the alternatives are consistent with the original meaning of “essay,” A sustained visual presentation of an individual’s point of view, featuring which is a sustained presentation of an individual’s point of view. It is because of this persistent sustained engagement with ideas historical meaning that, whatever the mode of composition and communication, good essays all feature in-depth and sustained engagement with ideas. How to make a visual essay: http://virginialynne.hubpages.com/hub/ One advantage to using essays is that most students are familiar with at least one type of essay. How-to-Write-a-Visual-Essay However, that same familiarity may lead some students to dismiss the utility of essays. Students may also have learned to write essays poorly (using the “three paragraph format,” for example), and have trouble adjusting their writing choices strategically, especially if they are used to thinking of essays as a recipe that must strictly be followed. Nevertheless, it is easy for educators to structure essay assignments so that students progress through them developmentally, step- by-step, receiving feedback along the way. When the essay process is well-structured and allows for self-direction, students appreciate the opportunity to engage with a topic of personal interest and express their ideas coherently. 35 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES Essays can be aligned with multiple learning outcomes for the assessment of writing skills, argumentation, critical thinking skills, application of ideas and theories, and demonstration of research ability. They are authentic in disciplines that prepare students for academic life in the humanities, journalism, literary careers and public discourse. They are not authentic in every context and can be time-consuming to write and grade. Inter-rater reliability and rigour require some moderation and the collaborative development of a rubric for use by everyone involved in the grading. In addition to essays, there are many other forms of written communication, all of which can be learned and assessed if appropriate for your context: reports, short stories, poems, memos, proposals, briefs and online journals. As long as the form of writing is authentic to the discipline and validly assesses learning outcomes, the choices are unlimited. Note too that we need not think of any of these forms of written communication as necessarily exclusive of