more care and time to create assessments for a judgement them, particularly when first beginning to use this type of assessment. Two-step assessments Variations of formats: asking students to design and defend criteria for judging phenomena before applying them http://www.usma.edu/cfe/literature/ involve deep assessment of content knowledge, application of the principles and logic specified vargo_12.pdf by the program, and multiple forms of thinking and judgment. Similarly, debates, oral arguments and writing tasks that ask students to judge the value, acceptability, merit or accuracy of an idea or argument engage subjective elements of critical thinking that push students beyond following rote procedures and parroting what they believe is required to discover what solving particular problems actually requires. Ultimately, when courses are aligned appropriately to program learning outcomes, it becomes possible to use results from the above-mentioned course-embedded assessments to inform the progression of learning throughout the program. 32 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES 2.2 RESEARCH AND SCHOLARSHIP “Research,” like “critical thinking,” carries many different meanings. Research-focused learning outcomes can focus on components of the process, such as finding and accessing information, managing and organizing information as it is gathered, evaluating the credibility of sources, performing disciplinary investigative techniques, interpreting information, using it appropriately and so forth. Some disciplines or professions are more comfortable with the term “scholarship.” Whatever we call it, we recognize the basic forms of the associated activities. For undergraduate programs, research reviews and annotated bibliographies are popular choices, not least because, as learning experiences, they can introduce students to a variety of current disciplinary research in a relatively brief period of time and can allow them to share that knowledge with each other. This works best when students must synthesize the results of their review rather than leaving the individual contributions disconnected. Annotated bibliographies, which are typically shorter and easier to produce and evaluate than research reviews, are most effective if students specify the sequence in which others should read the entries, including Annotated Bibliographies a brief rationale of that judgement. This helps students reach the relational level of SOLO, An alphabetical list of relevant references, with annotations as good explanations must include relationships between entries. Generally speaking, and especially for the purposes of program-level learning outcome Sample process: http://www.writing.utoronto.ca/advice/ assessment, long-term research projects completed over one or two semesters are best for specific-types-of-writing/annotated- assessing research skills (in addition to other types of outcomes). Depending on the discipline bibliography and profession, such projects can require students to use information to develop and test hypotheses and predictions; measure and compare multiple outputs and variables; classify phenomena using schemas of principles or taxonomy; conduct experiments (virtual or hands-on); synthesize large bodies of scholarship; and many other activities important to the development of researchers, scholars and citizens. The communication of the research results can take any form, even multiple forms – reports, theses, research papers, presentations, posters, videos, choreographies, etc. Some courses are designed using inquiry-based learning and assessed based on a final project (Healey, 2005). To maximize the learning potential of projects, they should be designed to ensure that successful completion requires synthesis,