as the of McMichael (2009), who relied on the work of Nightingale capability to orchestrate knowledge and skill independently, et al. (1996) and Brown, Rust and Gibbs (1994). in a range of contexts, on demand and to a high level of 17 For example, visit http://www.aacu.org/value/rubrics/. 18 For example, visit http://www.itl.usyd.edu.au/projects/aaglo/pdf/AAGLO%20Summary%207%20Assessment%20tasks_Final.pdf. 29 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES 2.1 CRITICAL THINKING, PROBLEM- SOLVING, JUDGMENT AND INSIGHT “Critical thinking” is a broad term with diverse meaning in higher education, varying not only among disciplines but also between sub-disciplines and individuals working within them. This is true of the discipline of informal logic (the domain of critical thinking) as with any other system of organizing thought. In order to be effectively assessed, learning outcomes must define critical thinking in relation to the context of the specific program. In most cases, critical thinking involves one or more of the following cognitive activities: analysis, synthesis, assessment, judgment, evaluation, argumentation and critique. Some of these may vary in relevance among disciplines. Each activity can be divided further into its components, which can be taught and assessed separately. Judgment and insight typically go beyond critical thinking; judgment requires the clear articulation of reasons for preferring one alternative to others, while insight may require interpreting complex information and deriving unexpected yet defensible meaning from it. Problem-Based Learning An authentic scenario in which the Problem-solving outcomes are specific to particular problem-solving processes, which typically problem drives student learning. involve identifying, posing, defining, interpreting, analyzing and solving particular problems. Students define the questions, find appropriate resources, analyze and Some disciplines include planning and strategizing components to “solving.” This in turn involves synthesize the information to better making and revising plans, using information to draft strategies and implementing strategies. understand the problem, communicate their findings and self-assess their own In addition to being useful tools to assess critical thinking and problem-solving skills, progress. case studies and open problems present opportunities for students to synthesize and apply a broad array of content and process knowledge (Christensen & Hansen, 1987; Dunne & Adaptation to assess large classes: http://insight.glos.ac.uk/tli/resources/ Brooks, 2004). Cases are often assigned to groups, though they may be used to assess students toolkit/resources/alcs/pages/ individually within a group or independent of groups. Case studies are potentially among the pbltriplejump.aspx most authentic and effective assessment types in a variety of disciplines and professions – they are highly relevant, motivational and cognitively demanding (although poorly designed and administered case studies can be superficial and inauthentic). Their design can be simple or 30 SECITCARP TNEMSSESSA — 2 NOITCES complex and they are easy to use simultaneously as learning strategies and assessment tasks. Self-directed learning strategies, in which students take greater responsibility in the learning (such as problem-based learning,19 for instance), can be driven by case studies, but they also align well with more teacher-driven forms of instruction such as traditional lecturing. In testing the authenticity and alignment of case studies, it is helpful to seek feedback from departmental colleagues or external practitioners. Once case studies are written, students can practice synthesizing and applying the relevant knowledge through