learning outcomes; • encourage dissemination of information in a transparent process – with a focus on ongoing enhancement; • use the information for institutional priorities, strategic planning, and decisions; and • celebrate successes. Institution-wide initiatives, especially concerning culture, perceptions and values, require representatives and leaders from various levels of the institution: faculty members, administrative staff, and students with different levels of expertise (Stayhorn, 2006). This multi- faceted approach to assessment helps to encourage a comprehensive, institution-wide culture and ensures access to important resources (Baker et al., 2012). 47 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES RESOURCES Shifting an institution’s culture toward valuing assessment usually requires an allocation of funding, time, space, equipment, policies and staff, as well as the expertise necessary to facilitate change. Studies looking at institutional spending in terms of effective teaching practices suggest that it is not necessarily a matter of the total spending but rather of how the funding is allocated (Wellman, 2010). It is also worth considering that while funding for program learning outcome Resources assessment is an expense with respect to short-term accountability, it is an investment when it Shifting an institution’s culture toward valuing assessment usually requires a offers long-term benefit through program enhancement (Swing & Coogan, 2010). As Swing and commitment of resources. Coogan (2010) put it, “Nothing negatively impacts the cost-benefit ratio more than collecting These include: data that are never analyzed, failing to close the loop in implementing the improvements” (p. 12). • Centres for teaching and learning • Professional development on the use To use resources most effectively, you should have a clear purpose, design and plan for data of assessment data • Integration of assessment analysis and use before engaging in program-level learning outcome assessment (Section 1.3). information into revised curriculum, New or reallocated resources could include release time for those responsible for the program- policies and practices; level assessment, external consultations, software to capture, store, analyze and help visually • Faculty incentives, e.g., funding, release time display collected data, and participation incentives for students and faculty (Cooper & Terrell, • Software for data analytics 2013). Furthermore, the sensible way to ensure that there are sufficient resources in place is to • Funding support for projects and networks to use the information engage in conversations about program-level learning outcome assessment during planning, gathered budget and curriculum reviews (Shipman et al., 2003). FACULTY INVOLVEMENT Support from teaching and learning centres, campus leaders and resources contributes to a culture that values assessment; and these efforts must be complemented in turn by faculty buy-in and engagement (Hutchings, 2010). Formal assessment might be the impetus for initially engaging in program assessment; however, fostering a culture that values teaching, learning and assessment is essential for continuous improvement and enhancement of learning. Scholars have found that an institutional culture that values assessment encourages faculty engagement in assessment: simply put, faculty members are more likely to engage in authentic assessment if the institution publicly and strategically commits to it as well (Wang & Hurley, 2012). At the grassroots, faculty members provide the expertise and discipline-specific knowledge necessary to