by a reflective institutional culture. Quality assurance processes such as assessment should not simply be conducted to meet external demands but also to reflect on, understand and improve current teaching practices (Biggs, 2001). To effectively build an institutional culture that approaches assessment as a means to enhance teaching and learning, learning outcomes should constructively align with classroom teaching methods, program curriculum and institutional graduate attributes (Section 1.1 and 1.2), and institutional procedures and policies (Biggs, 2001). Institutions in the UK and Australia have moved toward formalizing this reflective approach to assessment by developing institutional academic frameworks and/or teaching and learning strategic plans, supported by external and governmental resources and mandates. The Quality Assurance Agency (QAA) and the Higher Education Academy (HEA)20 promote innovative assessment practices and quality assurance procedures that examine how assessment has been designed. Scotland ensures that quality assurance is intentionally linked to quality enhancement by identifying a new theme every three years to focus intensive resources on a common priority to enhance higher education.21 Baker, Jankowski, Provezis and Kinzie (2012) examined case studies of institutions in the US that effectively use assessment data for ongoing enhancement of programs, suggesting that institutions: 1. use calls for accountability to leverage their own internal improvement efforts 2. align assessment work with organizational structures 3. focus assessment efforts on specific problems or questions to allow focus of data in a manageable fashion LEADERSHIP IN ASSESSMENT Whether and how assessment enhances teaching and learning is dependent on how an institution approaches assessment – in other words, its culture of assessment. If the institutional culture advocates for and supports assessment for the purposes of improving teaching and learning, then assessment practices will likely result in enhanced teaching and learning. Strong, passionate leaders and centres for teaching and learning both play essential roles in promoting Leadership: Centres for Teaching an institutional culture that values assessment as a tool to enhance teaching and learning. and Learning Centres could offer: • facilitation for the process of developing a program-level learning Centres for Teaching and Learning outcome assessment plan in a structured and systematic way Most Ontario institutions have centres for teaching and learning (or similar, integrated areas • professional development (program- responsible for academic quality). Over the last 30 years, these centres have evolved to provide a level learning outcome assessment on wide array of services, programs, resources and expertise to faculty, graduate and undergraduate embedding effective assessment in the curriculum) teaching assistants, sessional instructors and academic administrators (Grabove et al., 2012) – • resources, e.g., small grants, staff many of whom then become leaders in the area themselves. Faculty members who were once time, access to and knowledge of literature motivated to review program-level learning outcomes can become discouraged without the • networking between people with necessary support and resources (Hersh & Keeling, 2013). Centres offer support through one- expertise and interest • sharing examples of effective practices 20 http://www.qaa.ac.uk/ABOUTUS/Pages/default.aspx 21 http://www.enhancementthemes.ac.uk/ 45 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES time, introductory workshops; extended, week-long and semester-long programs; one-on-one consultations; funding for teaching and learning grants and conferences.