disciplines that prepare students for academic life in the humanities, journalism, literary careers and public discourse. They are not authentic in every context and can be time-consuming to write and grade. Inter-rater reliability and rigour require some moderation and the collaborative development of a rubric for use by everyone involved in the grading. In addition to essays, there are many other forms of written communication, all of which can be learned and assessed if appropriate for your context: reports, short stories, poems, memos, proposals, briefs and online journals. As long as the form of writing is authentic to the discipline and validly assesses learning outcomes, the choices are unlimited. Note too that we need not think of any of these forms of written communication as necessarily exclusive of all others. Research reports, for example, can be combined with reflective and persuasive writing – a factual report of what was found, for instance, followed by critical reflection on the process of research, followed by advocacy for a course of action the student believes is justified by the research results. Despite the dominance of the written word, many programs also expect visual, oral or multimedia communication, each of which can be assessed in many ways as well. Although oral assessment has fallen out of fashion in recent decades, its use in education is older than any form of written work. It can take many forms but what they all share is that students are assessed on their ability to answer questions, debate or converse in the moment, aloud, or in response to either an educator or other students. Most forms of oral assessment take place in front of one’s peers as well and oral performance is often assessed by a committee or group rather than a lone educator. The assessment often evaluates the quality of oral performance as well as the content that is being communicated. It is possible to assess a diverse range of learning orally, in addition to providing an opportunity to assess adaptability, quick thinking and grace under pressure – important skills outside of the academy yet difficult to assess through other means. Students receive immediate feedback from their audience, much as they would in the performing arts, and that visceral feedback can be followed by feedback from you and their peers that need not be written, thus saving time. The reliability, rigour and authenticity of oral assessment can be as high as that of any other form of assessment, provided care is taken to communicate and use pre-determined criteria. Using a group or committee to grade oral assessment may help to prevent both the perception and the reality of biased judgment, as long as each member undergoes training and moderation to increase inter-rater reliability. Perhaps the most obvious benefit is that oral assessment provides opportunities to those who struggle with written communication – opportunities they need in order to be equitably assessed, ensuring that their actual understanding is evaluated rather than their writing ability. However, it also disadvantages students who struggle with public speaking or freeze under pressure. Intimidation and