individually to be certain that the assessments are congruent and build towards the identified program-level learning outcomes. This whole-program approach, in which an overarching framework guides assessment in individual courses to ensure systematic generation of evidence at the program level, is strongly recommended by experts through projects such as the National Institute for Learning Outcome Assessment (NILOA), VALUE and Assessing and Assuring Graduate Learning Outcomes (AAGLO) (Barrie et al., 2012). Section 2 describes assessments that can be used for various types of program-level learning outcomes. 22 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Mapping Program-Level Learning Outcomes by Course Program-Level Lower-Level Courses Upper-Level Courses Assessment Learning Outcomes Summary Course 1 Course 2 Course 3 Course 4 Course 5 Course 6 Outcome 1 I R R M A1 A1 I R M A2, A3 Outcome 2 A2 A3 I INTRODUCTORY LEVEL: outcome is achieved at the introductory level, assuming limited or no prior knowledge R REINFORCED: outcome is reinforced, assuming introduction in a previous course M MASTERED: outcome is mastered or met, usually assuming introduction/reinforcement in prior courses A ASSESSED: indicates where in the program the program-level learning outcomes are assessed EXAMPLE 2 STAGE 3: GATHER AND ANALYZE ASSESSMENT RESULTS Once assessment tasks are designed to measure achievement of learning outcomes throughout the program, you should gather these data on an ongoing basis (by semester and annually) and evaluate them for use in program enhancement. More specifically, you can use the information gathered during your assessment of program-level learning outcomes to: • determine the extent to which students are meeting the previously determined program-level learning outcomes; • prioritize areas in which program improvement is necessary; • showcase the quality of the program to employers, donors and prospective students; and • document evidence of students’ achievement and learning for accreditation and accountability purposes. There are a number of considerations to address before and during this stage of the process, including the best time to gather assessment data, the scope of the assessment tasks, the multiple ways you can collect data and the best method to analyze the results. These considerations are explored in greater detail below. 23 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Timing of Assessment Ideally information gathering occurs at the beginning, throughout and at the end of any course or program. Because this will require you to collect data during busy times of the semester, it is important to ensure that adequate support is available. Course-embedded assessments are ideal for assessing program-level student learning. Among other benefits, they prevent testing fatigue among students, encourage student motivation to complete the assessments and increase the instructors’ expectations that the assessment will be authentic and relevant (Ewell, 2009). If time Timing of Assessment or resources are limited, you can focus on the end-of-program courses, as these are the courses 1. What time of year is best to collect information? that will most likely reflect the achievement of program-level learning outcomes. 2. What point in the program will you collect from (e.g., all years, end-of- If gathering and analyzing data takes more than a year, the information