program-level learning outcomes assessment, and examining methods for Case Studies Sample applications and ideas. curriculum-embedded assessment. Using this guide to develop a plan for program-level learning outcomes assessment can help steer the systematic collection of data and enable its use to continually improve the effectiveness of your programs and demonstrate to others how well your students are learning. Recommendations Sample questions and suggestions. 4 ECAFERP THE INTERNATIONAL CONTEXT The assessment of learning outcomes at the program level has The Australian government has taken an active role in been a topic of international interest as a method for quality quality assurance since the 1980s (Chalmers, 2007) and the assessment and ongoing program quality enhancement. Australian Learning and Teaching Council facilitated the According to a UNESCO report (Altbach, Reisberg & Rumbley, articulation of learning outcomes within disciplines through 2009), increasing global integration and exchange of both the Learning and Teaching Academic Standards project students and instructors has been an important international in 2010. Despite much attention on the development of objective in higher education in recent years. This trend learning outcomes, the alignment of course outcomes with requires institutions to identify standards of quality, resulting curriculum and program-level institutional assessment poses in an increased emphasis on both learning outcomes and a challenge internationally (Barrie, Hughes & Smith, 2009; evidence from course assessments to demonstrate that Barrie, Hughes, Crisp & Bennison, 2012). The Organisation students have mastered the expected learning. While there for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has is widespread agreement that institutional autonomy is initiated an international project to address this difficulty. The important, researchers also agree that students would Assessment of Higher Education Learning Outcomes (AHELO) benefit from greater clarity around learning outcomes project aimed to examine student results of standardized tests (Harris, 2009; Tremblay, Lalancette & Roseveare, 2012). The used to measure learning outcome attainment at the cross- Bologna Tuning Process1, which involved over 40 countries, disciplinary and the disciplinary levels, with the intention of has significantly contributed to international discussions of producing data that could inform institutional improvement quality, learning outcomes and other processes to promote (Harris, 2009; Tremblay, Lalancette & Roseveare, 2012; Lennon transparency, mobility and employability (Altbach et al., 2009; & Jonker, 2014). Barrie, Hughes, Crisp & Bennison, 2011). Other movements Canada has also participated in inter-jurisdictional projects have worked to identify and assess learning outcomes at designed to pilot the use of standardized tests to assess broad levels and across disciplines; for example, the Dublin student attainment of discipline-specific learning outcomes. Descriptors define learning outcomes across the European For example, the Higher Education Quality Council of Ontario higher education sector (Harris, 2009). (HEQCO) has trialed the use of the Collegiate Learning Recently, attention has also been focused on discipline- Assessment with civil engineering students (Lennon, 2014). specific learning outcomes. For example, the United Kingdom Concerns related to sample size and self-selection bias Quality Assurance Agency engaged in a process to identify were raised, including fears that information might be more focused disciplinary learning outcomes called Subject used for ranking and to re-allocate public resources to the Benchmark