C T I O N A N D E N H A N C E FIGURE 3 11 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES 1.2 CONCEPTS AND PRINCIPLES Institutional and departmental contexts vary a great deal, which makes single approaches to effectively assessing program-level learning outcomes very difficult to formulate. We believe that identifying important concepts and a set of principles that can be applied to diverse environments provides the opportunity for a coherent yet flexible approach. Our approach to the assessment of program-level learning outcomes is guided by four underlying concepts: quality enhancement, constructive alignment, authentic assessment and the Structure of the Observed Learning Outcome (SOLO) taxonomy. These concepts can be considered as a foundation for moving from macro to micro levels. They underpin the handbook and provide the basis for the three principles to guide the assessment of program-level learning outcomes that are identified at the end of this section. THEORETICAL FOUNDATION The concept of quality enhancement (institutional or macro level) refers to institutional cultures that encourage honest reflection on the learning-centeredness and effectiveness of policies and practices for student success, with the reflection used to inform policies and practices to favour well-reasoned and evidence-informed enhancement of student learning (Biggs, 2001). This “prospective quality assurance” approach encourages continual improvement Quality Enhancement that goes beyond quality assurance and its associated “assessment for accountability.” An institutional culture that encourages honest reflection on learning- Quality assurance for accountability tends to focus on universities as corporate entities but centredness and, using this reflection, often ignores or impedes meaningful pedagogical reform and can detract from the quality informs policies and practices for ongoing improvement. of education (Biggs, 2001). We recommend assessment for the purposes of ongoing quality enhancement. Intentionally using the information gained from program-level assessment to continually improve programs is one example. For a specific example of how assessment can be used for program improvement, see ‘Case Study: Carnegie Mellon University Assessment for Improvement within Program Review Processes’ at the end this section. Elements that impact the institutional culture and capacity for quality enhancement are explored further in Section 3. 12 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Constructive alignment (program or meso level) ensures that learning outcomes, learning experiences and assessments cohere internally within a course and that courses cohere similarly to reinforce the achievement of program-level learning outcomes and institutional or disciplinary graduate attributes (Figures 1, 2 and 3; Biggs & Tang, 2011). We suggest that the assessment of program-level outcomes is most effective when an entire program is constructively aligned. Authentic assessment (micro level) is assessment providing direct evidence of meaningful application of learning (Angelo, 1999; Maki, 2010). We believe that assessment should not be undertaken as an end in itself but as a vehicle to guide teaching strategies and enhance student learning. Authentic assessment tasks require students to use skills, knowledge, values and attitudes they have learned in situations that simulate the performance context of the intended discipline or profession as closely as possible. In aligning assessment with outcomes, the degree to which assessment tasks simulate ‘real-world’ problems and situations associated