incorporates the data into a curriculum map. The team can hold a retreat or meeting to review the information for accuracy and to analyze the map, inviting the program instructors, the program coordinator, the department head and an educational developer to act as facilitators. Several institutions, such as the University of Guelph9 and Ryerson University10 (Mazurat & Schönwetter, 2009), have developed or purchased software to aid with curriculum map development. Two examples of simple curriculum maps are included below (Examples 1 and 2). 9 http://www.uoguelph.ca/vpacademic/avpa/outcomes/curriculummap.php 10 http://www.ryerson.ca/lt/programs/curriculum/curriculumdevelopment 21 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Mapping Program-Level Learning Outcomes to Teaching, Learning and Assessment Program-Level Degree Level Teaching Activities Assessments Learning Outcomes Expectations and Learning and Evidence Opportunities By the end of the For each program-level For each program-level program, successful learning outcome, What specific teaching learning outcome, students graduating with which degree activities and learning what is specifically will… level expectation opportunities will help collected from the or accreditation students achieve each students as evidence outcomes does it program-level learning that they can/have align? outcome? achieved the learning outcome prior to graduation? 1… 2… EXAMPLE 1 Once assessment tasks are mapped into the program-level learning outcomes, gaps in the assessment of certain learning outcomes may become apparent (Kopera-Frye et al., 2008; Uchiyama & Radin, 2009). For example, an analysis of Australian curricula found that outcomes related to ethical development, intercultural competence and social responsibility were rarely assessed (Barrie et al., 2012); this trend would likely be similar in Canada. While triangulation and multiple forms of assessment are recommended, some outcomes may be overly assessed, burdening both the students and instructors. Others may be assessed at inappropriate levels of proficiency – for example, at lower levels of the SOLO taxonomy (Section 1.2). Mapping provides an excellent opportunity to revisit assessment tasks included throughout the program and ensure alignment with the intended learning outcomes. Specific assessment tasks can be designed to measure course outcomes. Assessment tasks should be set at the appropriate level of proficiency, ideally at the extended abstract level of the SOLO taxonomy, where students are able to transfer ideas and apply them beyond the course. Additionally, assessment tasks should be embedded within the courses and based on the principles of authentic assessment relevant to the discipline (Section 1.2). Each course can be examined individually to be certain that the assessments are congruent and build towards the identified program-level learning outcomes. This whole-program approach, in which an overarching framework guides assessment in individual courses to ensure systematic generation of evidence at the program level, is strongly recommended by experts through projects such as the National Institute for Learning Outcome Assessment (NILOA), VALUE and Assessing and Assuring Graduate Learning Outcomes (AAGLO) (Barrie et al., 2012). Section 2 describes assessments that can be used for various types of program-level learning outcomes. 22 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Mapping Program-Level Learning Outcomes by Course Program-Level Lower-Level Courses Upper-Level Courses Assessment Learning Outcomes Summary Course 1 Course 2 Course 3 Course 4 Course 5 Course 6 Outcome 1 I R R M A1 A1 I