program-level learning outcomes and institutional or disciplinary graduate attributes (Figures 1, 2 and 3; Biggs & Tang, 2011). We suggest that the assessment of program-level outcomes is most effective when an entire program is constructively aligned. Authentic assessment (micro level) is assessment providing direct evidence of meaningful application of learning (Angelo, 1999; Maki, 2010). We believe that assessment should not be undertaken as an end in itself but as a vehicle to guide teaching strategies and enhance student learning. Authentic assessment tasks require students to use skills, knowledge, values and attitudes they have learned in situations that simulate the performance context of the intended discipline or profession as closely as possible. In aligning assessment with outcomes, the degree to which assessment tasks simulate ‘real-world’ problems and situations associated with their Authentic Assessment Assessment that provides direct disciplines or professions measures its authenticity. evidence of meaningful application The Structure of Observed Learning Outcomes (SOLO) (micro level) taxonomy offers one of learning, often within the context of a discipline or professional practice. of several approaches to articulating the complexity of desired learning as students progress It includes two key elements: through a program (Biggs & Collis, 1982; Collis & Biggs, 1986). This provides a useful structure to 1) performance assessment: the learner craft learning outcomes appropriate to the desired quantity and quality of learning at particular demonstrates the ability to apply the required skills and knowledge program stages. It can also be used to align assessment tasks with learning outcomes, evaluate 2) context: the tasks and conditions of student achievement, and align learning outcomes and assessment tasks with teaching and the discipline or profession are faithfully learning strategies. We believe that the SOLO framework provides a practical, useful structure represented. to guide construction and assessment of program-level learning outcomes, which can help curriculum designers intentionally develop programs and assessment plans to enable students to graduate at the highest level of the framework. SOLO represents learning through five levels, from the merely quantitative (the acquisition of new amounts of information) to the qualitative (change in understanding and creating meaning from information) (Figure 4). Pre-structure is the stage before learning. The sequence of stages from uni-structural to relational occurs in a cycle, in which student understanding grows and deepens. Students may need to go through various levels within the learning cycle multiple times as new ideas are brought in, but the goal is for them to leave the learning cycle eventually by reaching the extended abstract stage. Students may be at a different point in the learning cycle for different topics. Even if students have reached the extended abstract level of understanding about a topic, they may regress if faced with new information that shakes their understanding (Potter & Kustra, 2012). Program-level assessment is most appropriately aimed at the relational or extended abstract level. To explain SOLO we use the example of writing essays, as all of us are familiar with them and in some disciplines this type of assignment can be adapted in an authentic fashion to prepare students for tasks they will use in