they have acquired through their majors and discipline-specific education. Successful student performance and program discipline-based assessment instruments take into consideration such contexts. The integration effectiveness. Furthermore, the of discipline-based, programmatic assessment leads to greater, more coherent understanding of alignment of individual course-level learning outcomes and program-level how individual courses are connected with program-level learning outcomes and subsequently learning outcomes resulted in increased to the alignment of course assessment techniques with program-level outcomes. Significantly, faculty-student involvement and meaningful program modifications. The results from discipline-specific assessment measures are more beneficial to faculty and therefore integration of assessment in existing more applicable in efforts to improve teaching and learning (Banta & Pike, 2012). frameworks minimized faculty resource investment and maintained faculty engagement in assessment efforts. *Retrieved from Cummings et al. (2008) Case Study: Performance Assessment for California Teachers (PACT) & Embedded Signature Assessments (ESAs) Performance Assessment for California Teachers (PACT) refers to a group of teacher preparation programs at 30 universities, one district internship program and one charter school network. These institutions have collectively developed a teacher performance assessment, and completion of the teaching performance assessment is required to earn a California Preliminary Multiple Subject or Single Subject Teaching Credential. Embedded signature assessments are assessment tasks that are embedded into one or more courses. Individual programs identify key assignments within their curriculum and develop them into ESAs; University of California – San Diego, for example, developed an ESA which focused on the social context of the classroom. The ESA collected evidence over time across multiple courses. Other institutions have developed ESAs embedded within a single course; examples include a community study, an observation of classroom management, a child case study or a curriculum unit. 54 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES 3.3 FUTURE TRENDS BRIDGING SUMMATIVE AND FORMATIVE ASSESSMENT: LEARNING ANALYTICS Part of developing an institutional culture that supports program-level learning outcomes and their use for ongoing enhancement is to use the links between summative and formative assessments more effectively. Traditionally, summative assessments are seen as tasks that measure student learning upon completion of an instructional unit. They are most often administered at the end of a course or program, and evaluation of student learning is usually based on measuring student performance against predetermined standards or benchmarks (Harlen & James, 1997). It is important to note, however, that in practice, summative and formative tasks form a continuum of sorts and that the same assessment task may provide information for both summative and formative assessment (Harlen & James, 1997). Therefore, perhaps the distinction exists not necessarily between summative and formative tasks but rather between summative and formative information: assessment tasks that consider how learning occurs provide formative information, while assessment tasks that determine if learning has occurred provide summative information. Common assessment tasks that provide summative information include but are not limited to: standardized tests, final exams, final projects, term papers and cumulative student portfolios. Not only does summative information allow institutions to benchmark progress regarding student learning and is it important for accreditation and accountability purposes, but it is also necessary for making large-scale decisions