of improving teaching and learning. This Audience: Who are the learners? can reinforce continued engagement for faculty, students, staff and administrators who work Behaviour: What will they be able to know, value or do? both individually and in teams to design and assess programs and enhance student learning. Condition: Under what circumstances/ context will the learning occur? Institutions can also use these analyses to help meet their mission and to strengthen arguments Degree: How much will be for increased funding and/or allocation of resources. The information from assessing program- accomplished and to what level? level learning outcomes may help satisfy the requirements of accrediting and funding agencies, Examples: will inform various accountability-driven decisions, and recognize time and resources spent on http://www.uoguelph.ca/tss/pdfs/ What%20is%20a%20Learning%20 learner engagement strategies that align to learning outcomes and assessment. When used Outcome%20Handout.pdf thoughtfully, assessment of the right learning outcomes can help guide institutions to meet http://www1.uwindsor.ca/ctl/system/ their goals and justify institutional claims that graduates are well prepared to succeed in files/PRIMER-on-Learning-Outcomes.pdf future endeavours. 1 A dapted from https://www.iusb.edu/weave/Goals%20 and%20Objectives%20Powerpoint 8 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES OUTCOMES-BASED, AUTHENTIC AND ALIGNED FRAMEWORK The outcomes-based approach has been used to assess program-level learning outcomes for a number of years internationally, extensively in the Ontario college system, and more recently, in the university system. This approach focuses on what students must be able to demonstrate they know, value, and can do at the end of a course and program. These expectations are expressed as learning outcomes, which underlie programs and courses (Angelo & Cross, 1993). Courses Constructive Alignment build intentionally towards completing a coherent program. It is important for all assessments to Creating courses whose learning outcomes, learning experiences and be situated in the context of the intended discipline or profession. If programs are well-planned, assessment tasks cohere internally many program-level assessment tasks are likely to be integrated and embedded within courses. and build towards program outcomes. Consequently, assessments of courses can be designed to demonstrate achievement of program- level learning outcomes in addition to course-level outcomes. Designing courses and programs is often most effective and successful when done by teams of instructors, educational developers and administrators. A common approach to intentional program-level and course-level design is constructive alignment (Biggs & Tang, 2011). In a constructively aligned course, learning outcomes, learning experiences and assessment tasks work together to mutually reinforce the achievement of the course-level learning outcomes (Figure 1). By their nature as descriptions of success, learning outcomes are tied to assessment, which is most effective if it takes place in the context of a discipline, profession, program and/or course. Outcomes-based learning in the framework of constructive alignment (Biggs & Tang, 2007) helps curriculum designers observe, measure and assess learning outcomes. Once the learning outcomes and assessment tasks are determined, the learning activities, teaching methods and resources required to achieve those outcomes and assessments may be planned – in turn, every element of a course supports the intended learning. Constructive Alignment at the Course Level COURSE LEVEL FIGURE 1 9 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Constructive Alignment at the Program Level