approval 6 Section 1 O V E R V IE W A N D F R A ME W O R K Summary In this section, we outline the reasons for and benefits of assessing program-level learning outcomes as a way to enhance and enrich programs. We also describe the theoretical underpinning of this handbook, which stresses the importance of the authenticity, validity and reliability of assessment practices and principles and describes the alignment of course objectives with larger, program- level learning outcomes. Lastly, we outline briefly how you can create a plan for assessing program- level learning outcomes. Section 2 explores practical ways to apply these theoretical concepts. KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES 1.1 ASSESSMENT OF PROGRAM-LEVEL LEARNING OUTCOMES Program-level learning outcomes identify what students should know, value or be able to accomplish after successfully completing their program. These outcomes are often achieved through specific learning activities, which are integrated at the course-level and build toward overall program-level learning. WHY ASSESS PROGRAM-LEVEL LEARNING OUTCOMES? Intentionally assessing your own program-level learning outcomes can be of great benefit, as can effective, well-planned assessment, to: • ensure that students learn the most important skills, ideas, attitudes and values of the discipline or profession. • document evidence of students’ learning, based on the actual outcomes they have achieved, Program-Level Learning Outcomes Statements that indicate what for accreditation and accountability purposes. successful students should know, • ensure that expectations are communicated clearly to and understood by students (including value or be able to do by the end of a program. those interested in applying to a program). • allow you to improve the effectiveness of your program based on actual student achievement. What is the format for writing learning outcomes? • showcase the quality of your program; make your graduates appealing to employers and your A learning outcome should start with program attractive to prospective students and donors. an observable action verb (representing knowledge, skills and values), followed • emphasize current institutional priorities for teaching and learning. by a statement specifying the learning to be demonstrated (content). Monitoring both quantitative and qualitative data may enable institutions to make decisions that The ABCD of Learning Outcomes1 lead to improved instruction, stronger curricula, and more effective and efficient policies about recommends addressing: learning outcomes assessment, with the overall goal of improving teaching and learning. This Audience: Who are the learners? can reinforce continued engagement for faculty, students, staff and administrators who work Behaviour: What will they be able to know, value or do? both individually and in teams to design and assess programs and enhance student learning. Condition: Under what circumstances/ context will the learning occur? Institutions can also use these analyses to help meet their mission and to strengthen arguments Degree: How much will be for increased funding and/or allocation of resources. The information from assessing program- accomplished and to what level? level learning outcomes may help satisfy the requirements of accrediting and funding agencies, Examples: will inform various accountability-driven decisions, and recognize time and resources spent on http://www.uoguelph.ca/tss/pdfs/ What%20is%20a%20Learning%20 learner engagement strategies that align to