this to be true through our institutional renewal and reward structures, faculty members would likely engage in assessment processes. Institutions could implement policies and procedures that recognize and reward instructors who participate in program-level assessment. Institutions can also encourage faculty involvement by providing funding or support for external grant applications that examine effective methods for program-level learning outcomes assessment; allocating time and resources to develop assessment techniques; and providing rewards and outlets for faculty members to share their findings. These changes demonstrate institutional commitment to assessment for improving teaching and learning and to implementing and maintaining a culture of assessment. 3. Faculty Leadership Faculty members can also serve multiple leadership positions in the assessment process. Researchers have found that direct enlistment of faculty members in assessment efforts, especially in leadership positions, is key to engaging other faculty members (Zubrow, 2012). Case Study: Implementing a “Lead” Faculty* A public, multi-campus college in New Hampshire created a committee of “lead” faculty members tasked with leading assessment efforts with the support of a central assessment office. The faculty members were selected from different disciplines and geographical locations, and each taught in different formats (online and in-class). They were responsible for developing assessment instruments and rubrics, serving on faculty teams that scored student artifacts, interpreting data, and facilitating inter- and intra-faculty discussions about assessments. *Retrieved from Zubrow (2012) 50 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES Case Study: Valencia Community College, Learning Outcomes Assessment as an Essential Teaching Competency Context: Valencia Community College serves over 50,000 students annually in academic programs at its five campuses in the Orlando, Florida area. Valencia won the inaugural Aspen Prize for Community College Excellence in 2011 based on its record of success in learning outcomes, student completion, equity and diversity, and labour market impact. “The graduation and workforce results are clear and especially impressive given Valencia’s diverse student body, the large percentage who arrive needing remedial work, and the significant number from lower-income households…National experts and site visitors ranked Valencia’s processes for assessing and improving learning outcomes as excellent, and were especially impressed with the college’s professional development program for…professors.”1 Essential Competencies for Valencia Educators:One of the distinctive aspects of Valencia’s excellence is the articulation of the Essential Competencies for its faculty and other educators. All new faculty members must demonstrate proficiency in the competencies in the transition process from lim ited-term to permanent positions. There is an extensive program2 to support faculty in developing and demonstrating the Essential Competencies. The competencies include learning-centred methods for teaching and assessing, fostering institution-wide outcomes and student career development skills, and a commitment to professional and scholarly work in teaching and learning. Notably, there is a specific competency for Outcomes-based Practice, including the capability to “use evidence of student learning to review and improve courses and programs”.3 There are five workshop courses specific to program assessment.4 Examples of Program Assessment and Improvement Plans: Valencia’s Institutional Assessment Office has an online library5 with numerous examples of how programs have assessed specific student learning outcomes and the resulting improvements. The example programs include dance, dental hygiene,