Training, Colleges and Universities (MTCU), Universities (COU), n.d.), Ontario universities are now also 2006a, 2006b). Both college and university programs now use committed to the assessment of program-level learning a set of program-level learning outcomes to determine what outcomes and the continuous improvement of academic students are expected to achieve by the time they graduate. learning. Both colleges and universities follow self-regulatory Many institutions in Ontario have also developed expectations processes. Universities submit program-level learning at the institutional level, often called “graduate attributes” outcomes through the Ontario University Council on Quality (Barrie et al., 2009). Assurance, following an institutional process that is consistent College programs include: 1) a vocational standard specific with the Quality Assurance Framework (OUCQA, 2012). to the program; 2) essential employability skills standards The assessment of program- or degree-level outcomes is critical for success in the workplace, daily life and lifelong an integral part of learning-centred education. It provides learning; and 3) general education requirements for breadth an ongoing mechanism for challenging tacit assumptions and development of citizens (MTCU, 2006b), which students about program effectiveness, identifying conflicting program must meet prior to graduation. A program team, in conjunction elements and ensuring that student learning objectives are with advice from a curriculum specialist, will develop a set met. It also allows for the continuous improvement of program of program-level learning outcomes that follow the Ministry goals and objectives over time. HEQCO, together with COU and of Training, Colleges and Universities’ (MTCU) program the OCQAS (Ontario College Quality Assurance Service), has description and which become part of the historical record of promoted the assessment of learning outcomes at the course the program. The Postsecondary Education Quality Assessment and program levels at both colleges and universities. While the Board (PEQAB) expects all college degree programs to meet development of learning outcomes has become embedded degree-level standards. Credential Validation Service (CVS) in most postsecondary institutions in Ontario, effective is a service to help the college system with the process of assessment of program-level outcomes is still a challenge for defining learning outcomes and assessments, developed to many institutions. The strategies contained in this handbook be consistent with the Minister’s Binding Policy Directive, may help to address these challenges. Framework for Programs of Instruction. This service is a subsidiary of Colleges Ontario and, along with the approval 6 Section 1 O V E R V IE W A N D F R A ME W O R K Summary In this section, we outline the reasons for and benefits of assessing program-level learning outcomes as a way to enhance and enrich programs. We also describe the theoretical underpinning of this handbook, which stresses the importance of the authenticity, validity and reliability of assessment practices and principles and describes the alignment of course objectives with larger, program- level learning outcomes. Lastly, we outline briefly how you can create a plan for assessing program- level learning outcomes. Section 2 explores practical ways to apply these theoretical concepts. KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES 1.1 ASSESSMENT OF PROGRAM-LEVEL LEARNING OUTCOMES Program-level learning outcomes identify what students should