difficulties at the relational level, they may slide back to the multi-structural level or uni-structural level before returning to the relational level. This is why we use the term “learning cycle” – to avoid the impression of strictly linear progress through the SOLO levels. 15 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES Learning outcomes achievable at this level include analyzing why essays are arranged in certain ways for certain purposes, relating essay structure to rhetorical intent and integrating multiple types of essays to create a document serving multiple purposes. To assess whether students have achieved relational-level (or extended-abstract level) learning outcomes requires more complex, involved and time-consuming methods than those used for multi-structural learning – such as course-length projects and multi-stage term papers. Most higher education courses should expect relational outcomes at least; as a result, more assessments should be aimed at this level and higher. Extended Abstract At the extended abstract stage, the qualitative increase in student understanding is difficult to predict – students who reach this level have exited the learning cycle envisioned in this taxonomy. Whereas at the relational level students could abstract and generalize from course material, at the extended abstract level they abstract and generalize beyond the course material, transferring and applying ideas to new situations and new experiences, integrating them with ideas from other courses and other aspects of their lives, testing and hypothesizing beyond the confines of a course, and developing arguments and theories of their own. It should come as no surprise that in considering the assessment of learning outcomes at the program-level, we should be thinking in terms of the relational and extended abstract levels of SOLO. It would be inappropriate to deliberately plan assessment tasks for program assessment at lower levels, since students graduating from our programs should be expected to understand what they have learned and transfer it to novel situations. The assessment tasks described in Section 2, therefore, only include those assessments appropriate for relational or extended abstract-levels of learning. AUTHENTICITY, VALIDITY AND RELIABILITY In aligning assessment with outcomes, the degree to which assessment tasks simulate real-world problems and situations associated with their discipline or profession represents their degree of authenticity. There is clear evidence that, whether intentional or not, assessments influence both how educators teach and how and what students learn (Boud & Associates, 2010). Assessment and learning are closely linked. Teachers may “teach to the test” even if the content or form of the test fails to reflect what they consider to be important (Fredericksen, 1984; Prodromou, 1995). In that case, what students learn from the test depends largely on what they perceive as the requirement of the assessment task rather than what may be the desired learning outcome (Gibbs, 1992). Principles and practices for effective assessment are consistent with assessment aimed at program-level learning outcomes (Barrie et al., 2012). As defined earlier, authentic assessment tasks require students to apply what they have learned (skills, knowledge, values and attitudes) in situations that simulate the performance context of the intended discipline or profession. Authentic assessment includes two key elements: 1)