integrating the Insights tool across the province and adapting its functionality to various disciplinary and institutional contexts. The tool is being piloted and used in a variety of different circumstances at each institution. An analytics tool such as Insights has wide applicability for assessment and will ultimately provide flexibility in the way data on learning outcomes achievement are collected in Ontario. 25 KROWEMARF DNA WEIVREVO — 1 NOITCES STAGE 4: MAKE PROGRAM IMPROVEMENTS Using assessment data to enhance programs contributes to an institutional culture that values and engages in quality enhancement. Yet most institutions have difficulty translating assessment information into improvement plans and implementing them effectively. While there is evidence that institutions often use program-level assessment data for accreditation and program review purposes, only a small number use the information for strategic planning, academic policy Making Program Improvements development, curriculum revision and institutional improvement (Kuh, Jankowski, Ikenberry 1. What are the most important findings? & Kinzie, 2014). In order to bring about change, the process and results of learning outcomes 2. Which areas show the greatest assessment must be shared with multiple stakeholders throughout each stage, thereby shaping challenges with learning (and a campus culture that engages with and values systemic, strategic program enhancement therefore the greatest opportunity for improvement)? (Blaich & Wise, 2011). 3. What actions could address each of the challenges? You can begin by reviewing the conclusions reached about student learning. While opportunities 4. Which of these are most likely to be for improvement arise from concerns about student achievement in an area, it is not always effective? obvious to predict how specific changes might affect performance. If student achievement is 5. Which are possible in terms of cost, operation, etc.? below expectations, you should consider what opportunities exist for improvement within and 6. What changes are feasible among the courses and program. Having identified areas within the program for improvement, immediately and which challenges might be addressed in the future? the next step is to ask reflective guiding questions. 7. Who might be able to take action? It can be helpful to rank the suggestions for action based on answers to the above questions. 8. How would you know if your enhancement was effective (planning You should also include other stakeholders in these discussions (e.g., instructors, students, staff, for the next cycle of assessment)? employers). A follow-up plan should be developed, including timelines and responsible persons. At this point, you can decide if additional information is needed before initiating action. In most cases, this might include a review of the literature on teaching and learning or conducting a small research project on the program-level learning outcome in question. It might be useful to conduct a data audit to discover any assessment data the institution collects that are not already used for program-level learning outcome assessment. Many institutions have small grant programs or strategic funding opportunities that could provide resources to engage in a small research project to trial and evaluate a program enhancement (Deepwell & Buckley, 2013). It is important to share the results of the program assessment