Learning Outcomes Assessment: A PRACTITIONER’S HANDBOOK Authors: Lori Goff (McMaster University), Michael K. Potter (University of Windsor), Eleanor Pierre (EJPCommunications & Mohawk College), Thomas Carey (Transforming Learning Together/San Diego State University/Kwantlen Polytechnic University), Amy Gullage (McMaster University), Erika Kustra (University of Windsor), Rebecca Lee (McMaster University), Valerie Lopes (Seneca College), Leslie Marshall (Mohawk College), Lynn Martin (McMaster University), Jessica Raffoul (University of Windsor), Abeer Siddiqui (McMaster University), Greg Van Gastel (McMaster University) Acknowledgements: With thanks to the essential contributions of Peter Marval from the University of Windsor, and of the international advisors, Gordon Joughin, Arshad Ahmad and Lesley-Jane Eales-Reynolds. The creation of this handbook was supported by the Higher Education Quality Council of Ontario (HEQCO). TABLE OF CONTENTS PREFACE 4 SECTION 1: OVERVIEW AND FRAMEWORK 7 1.1 Assessment of Program-Level Learning Outcomes 8 1.2 Concepts and Principles 12 1.3 Creating a Plan for the Assessment of Program-Level Learning Outcomes 19 SECTION 2: ASSESSMENT PRACTICES 28 2.1 Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Judgment and Insight 30 2.2 Research and Scholarship 33 2.3 Communication 35 2.4 Creativity and Design 38 2.5 Self-Regulation and Professional Competence 39 SECTION 3: DEVELOPING INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY 42 3.1 Shifting the Institutional Culture and Increasing Authentic Assessment Practices 43 3.2 Authentic Assessment 52 3.3 Future Trends 55 SUMMARY 58 WORKS CITED 59 ADDITIONAL REFERENCES 62 ECAFERP PREFACE This handbook is intended to serve as a resource for faculty, staff, academic leaders and educational developers engaged in program and course design/review, and the assessment of program-level learning outcomes for program improvement. The assessment of learning outcomes at the program-level can assist in making improvements to curricula, teaching and assessment plans. HOW TO USE THIS HANDBOOK The handbook is designed so that you can either jump to particular sections or read sections sequentially. The definitions, examples, cases and recommendations included are designed to help you develop effective assessments for program-level learning outcomes but will need to be evaluated and adapted to your specific institutional context. Definitions and Examples Key terminology defined. Section 1 explores the theory, principles, reasons for and methods behind producing program-level learning outcomes. In Section 2, we review a variety of practices and emerging developments in learning outcome assessment. In Section 3, we provide tips and techniques for developing institutional capacity through building institutional culture, increasing faculty involvement in the process of program-level learning outcomes assessment, and examining methods for Case Studies Sample applications and ideas. curriculum-embedded assessment. Using this guide to develop a plan for program-level learning outcomes assessment can help steer the systematic collection of data and enable its use to continually improve the effectiveness of your programs and demonstrate to others how well your students are learning. Recommendations Sample questions and suggestions. 4 ECAFERP THE INTERNATIONAL CONTEXT The assessment of learning outcomes at the program level has The Australian government has taken an active role in been a topic of international interest as a method for quality quality assurance since the 1980s (Chalmers, 2007) and the assessment and ongoing program quality enhancement. Australian Learning and Teaching Council facilitated the According to a UNESCO report (Altbach, Reisberg &