too faculty involvement is vital. Finally, we bridge the gap between formative and summative assessments by discussing the emerging field of learning analytics and how data gathered through formative measures may be collected to conduct summative assessment. Student involvement in all of these processes is one of the future trends to enhance further the institutional culture in its approach to program-level learning outcome assessment and ongoing enhancement. YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES 3.1 SHIFTING THE INSTITUTIONAL CULTURE AND INCREASING AUTHENTIC ASSESSMENT PRACTICES In this section, we will address components of institutional culture and authentic assessment. We will also provide examples of traditional summative approaches to program-level learning outcome assessment but primarily focus our discussion on the emerging field of learning analytics and how data gathered from formative approaches may be accumulated to provide summative information at the institutional and program levels. Engaging in the assessment of program-level learning outcomes and using this information for ongoing enhancement is incredibly difficult without faculty engagement and buy-in, administrative and institutional support and leadership. It requires a systemic, inclusive process of data collection, analysis and sharing and, importantly, occurs within an institutional culture that values assessment and quality enhancement. An institutional culture that views assessment as a means to improve teaching and learning encourages faculty members to do so as well, leading them to develop and use authentic assessment instruments and results – and this directly impacts and enhances student learning (Figure 7). Though course-level and discipline-specific assessment practices are imperative for enhancing teaching and learning, they may not provide the necessary data to conduct large-scale, institutional reviews. Program-level assessments provide vital information on student learning at the conclusion of an instructional unit and, by proxy, assess the effectiveness of the program and the larger institution. Therefore, program-level assessment must occur alongside formative approaches to satisfy both external and internal demands of the institution. 43 Factors Influencing Institutional Culture and Impacting Program-level Learning Outcome Assessment 44 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES ONGOING ENHANCEMENT OF PROGRAMS AND STUDENT LEARNING PROGRAM-LEVEL OUTCOME ASSESSMENT REFLECTIVE INSTITUTIONAL CULTURE FACULTY ENGAGEMENT LEADERSHIP STUDENT ENGAGEMENT RESOURCES AUTHENTIC ASSESSEMENT that is curriculum-embedded and discipline-relevant FIGURE 7 YTICAPAC LANOITUTITSNI GNIPOLEVED — 3 NOITCES REFLECTIVE INSTITUTIONAL CULTURE Program-level learning outcome assessment will more likely result in enhanced programs, teaching and learning when it is supported by a reflective institutional culture. Quality assurance processes such as assessment should not simply be conducted to meet external demands but also to reflect on, understand and improve current teaching practices (Biggs, 2001). To effectively build an institutional culture that approaches assessment as a means to enhance teaching and learning, learning outcomes should constructively align with classroom teaching methods, program curriculum and institutional graduate attributes (Section 1.1 and 1.2), and institutional procedures and policies (Biggs, 2001). Institutions in the UK and Australia have moved toward formalizing this reflective approach to assessment by developing institutional academic frameworks and/or teaching and learning strategic plans, supported by external and governmental resources and mandates. The Quality Assurance Agency (QAA) and the Higher Education Academy (HEA)20 promote innovative assessment practices and quality assurance