and Respondent(s) in writing of the investigation. The notice will include a summary of all the allegations made and will describe the interim measures to be implemented. OAREHRS will attach all relevant documents provided to the college by the Complainant. The notice will also advise Complainants and Respondent(s) (a) of potential sources of support and (b) that any concerns about the appropriateness of the interim measures may be raised with OAREHRS without delay. 9.20. The Responsible Administrator will then conduct an investigation or direct an internal or external investigator to conduct an investigation. An investigation will be conducted by an individual capable of conducting an unbiased investigation who was not involved in the events in issue. Internal and external investigators will ordinarily be directed to: • start the investigation by obtaining a written response and all documents upon which the Respondent relies • interview the Complainant, Respondent and relevant Witnesses • record all interviews in writing (i.e., produce witness statements) • gather additional relevant documents and physical evidence • produce a confidential written investigation report 9.21. The investigator will conduct the investigation fairly and will give the Complainant and Respondent an opportunity to comment on all disputed facts before making findings of fact and producing a report. 9.22. Throughout the investigation, Complainants and Respondents may invite a support person (including a union representative, Indigenous elder etc.) to meetings with the investigator, though the investigator may exclude a support person from all or part of an interview if the investigator believes the presence of the support person will affect the quality of the interview. For example, an investigator may believe that a student is unlikely to be forthright about private matters in the presence of a parent. 9.23. The time required to commence and complete an investigation may vary, but investigations should ordinarily start and finish within 90 days. If the investigator believes the investigation will take longer than 90 days, the parties will be notified. 9.24. The investigator’s confidential written report will summarize the evidence, draw conclusions about credibility, make findings of fact and, if requested, provide an analysis on whether the facts support a finding of discrimination or harassment. George Brown College 15 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 10. Decision Making Step 4 - Decision Making 10.1. Responsible Administrators will review the summary of allegations, investigation report, any written submissions delivered by the parties, and any other relevant information to make a decision about whether this policy has been violated, and, if so, how it should be addressed. 10.2. Prior to making any decision, Respondents will be given a chance to address the results of the findings made in the investigation report in a meeting with the Responsible Administrator. 10.3. Responsible Administrators will invite Respondents to a meeting by sending a written notice at least five working days in advance. The notice will describe how the meeting will be conducted, who else has been invited to attend and who may attend at the Respondent’s invitation. The notice will also include a summary of the evidence that the Responsible Administrator wishes