confidential in OAREHRS, including records of decisions, appeal decisions and informal resolutions. 12.1. Personal data will only be used for the purpose of its collection. 12.2. The college will collect data and prepare an annual report on the following: • The number of complaints reported by the GBC community • The type of complaints (including whether verbal, physical, property related) • The number of complaints that do not proceed to a review (i.e. investigation) • The number of complaints resolved via informal resolution • The associated Human Rights Code ground • The associated subcategories of Code grounds and applicable intersectionality • The incident outcomes, including response and resolution times, the findings of investigations, and the involvement of law enforcement. 12.3. The college will provide its Board of Governors and the Ministry of Colleges and Universities with an annual report detailing the information identified above and publish it on the college’s website without identifying personal information, information that would compromise personal privacy, or otherwise confidential information. 13. General Breach of this policy or failure to meet the duties set out in this policy may result in discipline, up to and including discharge (for employees) and up to and concluding expulsion (for students). Student discipline will be administered in accordance with any guidelines or principles set out in the Code of Student Behavior and Community Standards. Visitors may be trespassed, and Placement Organizations and Vendors may be sanctioned appropriately. This policy shall have force and effect from the day it is approved (the “Effective Date”), shall replace and supersede all prior versions of the policy and shall apply George Brown College 18 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy to and define all alleged misconduct that falls within the scope of this policy regardless of when such conduct is alleged to have occurred, except in the case of a complaint for which an investigation, hearing or appeal has commenced prior to the Effective Date. This policy is not intended to conflict with provisions in a collective agreement. To the extent such conflict arises, the collective agreement shall prevail. 14. Policy Review This Policy will be reviewed by OAREHRS at minimum every five (5) years, and periodically in light of changes to legislation or policy, specific direction by senior management or as deemed appropriate by OAREHRS and/or an agreed recommendation by stakeholders. This policy is subject to the Board of Governors' approval and will be reviewed and amended once every five years with meaningful consultation with the George Brown College community. The policy review will include a consultative process (as outlined in the GBC community consultation protocol) with key stakeholders, including students and those communities disproportionally affected by anti-Black racism, anti-Indigenous racism, antisemitism, and Islamophobia, along with members of the 2SLGBTQIA + communities, women, persons with disabilities and other communities characterized by Prohibited Grounds The review will include establishing a process, in consultation with elected student governing bodies, for the provision and consideration of input from a diverse selection of students in all reviews of this Policy. 15. Resources and Information Faculty, staff, and students can