include understanding procedural fairness, counteracting bias, and trauma-informed responses. The college will review its education plans every five (5) years to coincide with policy review timelines George Brown College 11 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 8. Where to Obtain Help or Learn About Filing a Complaint 8.1. Any Community Member who has a concern about discrimination or harassment may speak with an Advisor. Advisors will provide objective and confidential advice about this policy, filing a complaint, and options for seeking resolution. 8.2. In most situations Community Members may choose whether or not to proceed with a complaint. In some circumstances, however, providing specifics to an Advisor may compel the college to act in order to protect other Community Members. 8.3. When appropriate and desired by the Community Member who brings forward a concern but does not complete an intake form, Advisors may facilitate informal resolution in the absence of a complaint. This will be done together with the Responsible Administrator and will be documented. 9. Complaint Resolution Process Parameters of the complaints resolution process: 9.1. Complaints that allege sexual violence will be addressed under the college’s Sexual Harassment and Sexual Violence Policy. Complaints that allege harassment that is not based on a Prohibited Ground will be addressed by Labour Relations, Human Resources or the Office of Student Conduct and Support, depending on the parties involved. 9.2. The college is solely responsible for processing complaints and pursuing sanctions against Respondents. The college will respect Complainants’ significant interest in the manner in which their complaints are resolved, but Complainants only have rights to participate in the process set out in this policy. 9.3. The college may depart from the process outlined herein as it deems appropriate, with a view to achieving the just, most expeditious and least expensive resolution to every complaint. Complaints against Placement Organizations, Vendors and visitors may be dealt with through a more expeditious process than set out below. Respondents who believe the process to be followed by the college is not sufficient in the particular circumstances should write to the college and explain why without delay. 9.4. All decision-making responsibilities under this process may be delegated. 9.5. The college may resolve a complaint informally as it deems appropriate. It may, for example, mediate a resolution between a Complainant and George Brown College 12 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy Respondent. Mediation is only appropriate if voluntary. Mediated resolutions will be reduced to writing and signed by the Complainant and Respondent. Step 1 – Filing a complaint 9.6. Complaints must be made in writing, through the Intake Form, to an Advisor and must set out all the facts alleged to constitute harassment and discrimination, with dates and times, with the names of witnesses and with supporting documentation. 9.7. Complaints may be completed independently or with the assistance of an Advisor, are confidential, and shared only with those required under the policy. 9.8. Community Members may also submit a complaint. To file an anonymous complaint, complete the Anonymous Complaint Form or contact the OAREHRS at diversity@georgebrown.ca. 9.9. The college’s ability to