is defined as the President and the Vice- Administrator Presidents of divisions across the college. Sexual Violence An umbrella term that covers any sexual act or acts targeting a person's sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, whether the act is online, physical or psychological in nature, that is committed, threatened or attempted against a person without the person's consent. Sexual violence includes a range of behaviours, including, but not limited to, sexual assault, sexual harassment, sexual abuse, sexual misconduct, stalking, indecent exposure, human trafficking, voyeurism, sexual exploitation, drug-facilitated sexual assault, sexual coercion, cyber sexual harassment, technology-facilitated sexual abuse, recording and distribution of a sexually explicit photograph, stealthing, sexual solicitation, sexual innuendos, stalking and intimate partner violence. 4. Scope 4.1. This policy applies to all Community Members in respect of: • educational and other services provided by the college; • employment by the college; • living accommodation provided by the college. George Brown College 8 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 4.2. This policy applies to incidents of discrimination or harassment that occur between Community Members when involved in college-related activities on or off college premises including, but not limited to: • while engaged in academic- or work-related activities; • in the course of academic placements or academic-related work; • in the course of work-related assignments; • over the telephone; or through e-mail or other electronic communication, such as text messaging or on social networking web sites. • during academic- or work-related travel; or • at college-related social functions. 4.3. Situations where the harassment and/or discrimination constitutes a poisoned environment, including where there is no individual Complainant and the college has reasonable grounds to believe the conduct creates a poisoned environment for other Community Members, or where there is a Complainant but they are not the individual who directly experienced the harassing or discriminatory behaviour. 5. Principles 5.1. The college learning, working and living environment should be free from hate, discrimination, and harassment. 5.2. Learning and work are best accomplished in a climate of inclusion, equal opportunity and mutual respect. 5.3. Every Community Member has a role in creating a learning, working and living environment that is free of hate, discrimination, and harassment. 5.4. Claims based on Prohibited Grounds that compete with each other should be resolved in a way that respects the rights of all of the parties involved. 5.5. Any remedy for a finding of discrimination or harassment should: • take a constructive and reparative approach whenever possible; • clarify the expectations and understanding of the Complainant and the Respondent regarding the conduct of concern; • mitigate the impact of the discrimination or harassment upon the Complainant's study or work; • prevent further incidents of the conduct occurring between the Complainant and the Respondent and, where appropriate, within the college community generally; and • aim to correct the behaviour of the Respondent. 5.6. The college has bona fide academic, employment, or housing requirements that may warrant differential treatment - requirements essential to ensuring the safety of all Community Members and the fulfilment of legitimate work and academic purposes. George