rights of all of the parties involved. 5.5. Any remedy for a finding of discrimination or harassment should: • take a constructive and reparative approach whenever possible; • clarify the expectations and understanding of the Complainant and the Respondent regarding the conduct of concern; • mitigate the impact of the discrimination or harassment upon the Complainant's study or work; • prevent further incidents of the conduct occurring between the Complainant and the Respondent and, where appropriate, within the college community generally; and • aim to correct the behaviour of the Respondent. 5.6. The college has bona fide academic, employment, or housing requirements that may warrant differential treatment - requirements essential to ensuring the safety of all Community Members and the fulfilment of legitimate work and academic purposes. George Brown College 9 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 5.7. Special programs designed to benefit disadvantaged groups or individuals within the college community do not constitute discrimination. 5.8. Individuals may choose to seek a remedy from the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario or under a collective agreement instead of seeking redress under this policy. 5.9. Nothing in this policy limits an individual’s ability to make a complaint to the Ontario Ombudsman. 6. Prohibition and Responsibilities 6.1. No Community Member shall: • engage in discrimination or harassment based on a Prohibited Ground; • file a complaint under this policy to purposely annoy, embarrass or harm a Respondent; • impede or attempt to impede an investigation conducted under this policy or fail to answer a question or request for documentation made by an investigator appointed under this policy without good cause; • retaliate or threaten to retaliate against a person for reporting an incident, for filing a complaint, for cooperating with or participating in an investigation or decision-making process or for otherwise pursuing their rights under this policy. 6.2. The college will: • increase community awareness of this policy, the responsibilities it imposes and its objectives • pay attention to historical and ongoing injustice and prejudice and proactively change institutional structures that contribute to systemic discrimination; • assess the college systems, practices, policies, and procedures with a view to dismantling systemic oppression on the basis of all Prohibited Grounds; • engage the college community in authentic learning opportunities about anti-discrimination and anti-oppression, including but not limited to anti- Black racism, anti-Indigenous racism, antisemitism, and Islamophobia; • implement measures to support dialogue between Community Members for early intervention and de-escalation when tensions arise; • deal quickly, fairly and effectively with complaints of discrimination or harassment; • safeguard the rights of Complainants and Respondents throughout the complaints resolution process, including by honouring all entitlement to representation that arises under a collective agreement; • meet its Occupational Health and Safety Act duty to appropriately investigate all incidents and complaints of workplace harassment; • maintain the confidentiality of all information gathered in the complaints resolution process subject to the limitations set out in this policy; George Brown College 10 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy • provide appropriate training to those involved in complaint resolution; • deal with Placement Organizations