of discrimination or harassment, OAREHRS will advise the Complainant that it will not be investigated. OAREHRS may also advise of alternative forms of support. George Brown College 13 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 9.13. If a complaint is untimely, OAREHRS will consider whether it should nonetheless be investigated in light of the reason for the delay, the potential prejudice caused by the delay and the college’s interest in maintaining a harassment and discrimination free learning, working, and living environment. 9.14. If a complaint is already the subject of a grievance or an application before the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario, OAREHRS may temporarily suspend the complaint resolution process. Step 2b - Interim measures and notification 9.15. After determining that a complaint sets out a prima facie case of discrimination or harassment, OAREHRS will consider whether interim measures are needed to protect a Complainant, Respondent and/or the investigation process. Interim measures are ordinarily developed in consultation with Public Safety and Emergency Management, Human Resources/Labour Relations and the Responsible Administrator 9.16. Interim measures are non-punitive, temporary and reasonable measures that are implemented to protect the parties, communities and the integrity of the process during the Complaints Resolution Process. Interim measures do not represent a finding of misconduct. Interim measures are without prejudice to the outcome of the complaint resolution process. Examples of interim measures include, but are not limited to: • No contact orders. • Separation of the parties. • Changes to residence. • Changes in employment reporting structures. • Changes to class and/ or section enrolments. • Change in learning, living or work environment, including changing from in-person to virtual, or vice versa. 9.17. OAREHRS may impose or amend interim measures at any time in the process when, having regard for the circumstances, it is deemed necessary. OAREHRS will consult with relevant parties on the need for and the nature of interim measures, including Public Safety and Emergency Management if there are any safety concerns. 9.18. OAREHRS will take steps to minimize the impact of interim measures on Respondents. Interim measures are not punishment and do not represent a finding of misconduct. Interim measures will be removed when the complaint resolution process is concluded. Step 3 - Investigation George Brown College 14 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 9.19. OAREHRS will notify the Complainant and Respondent(s) in writing of the investigation. The notice will include a summary of all the allegations made and will describe the interim measures to be implemented. OAREHRS will attach all relevant documents provided to the college by the Complainant. The notice will also advise Complainants and Respondent(s) (a) of potential sources of support and (b) that any concerns about the appropriateness of the interim measures may be raised with OAREHRS without delay. 9.20. The Responsible Administrator will then conduct an investigation or direct an internal or external investigator to conduct an investigation. An investigation will be conducted by an individual capable of conducting an unbiased investigation who was not involved in the events in issue. Internal and external investigators will ordinarily be directed to: • start the