summary of allegations, investigation report, any written submissions delivered by the parties, and any other relevant information to make a decision about whether this policy has been violated, and, if so, how it should be addressed. 10.2. Prior to making any decision, Respondents will be given a chance to address the results of the findings made in the investigation report in a meeting with the Responsible Administrator. 10.3. Responsible Administrators will invite Respondents to a meeting by sending a written notice at least five working days in advance. The notice will describe how the meeting will be conducted, who else has been invited to attend and who may attend at the Respondent’s invitation. The notice will also include a summary of the evidence that the Responsible Administrator wishes the Respondent to address. Respondents should raise any questions they have about the meeting promptly, in writing. 10.4. The meeting will ordinarily be conducted informally, though the Responsible Administrator may vary the meeting procedure to ensure fairness. Respondents may attend with union representation or support person (ex. parent, Indigenous elder etc.) Step 5 - Accountability Measures and Progressive Discipline 10.5. Responsible Administrators have a range of possible accountability measures they can impose following a finding of a violation of this Policy. In considering what accountability measures to impose, the Responsible Administrator may consider: • The Respondent’s disciplinary history. • The nature and severity of the incident. • The college’s role as an educational institution. • The requirements under any collective agreement. • The sanction and/or remedies sought by the Complainant. • The impact of the incident on the Complainant and the college community. • Any applicable legislation. • Any other relevant factors. 10.6. Accountability measures may include, without limitation, • the imposition of education, training or referral to counselling, • a letter of expectation, • a behavioural contract, • relocation or change of duties or supervision, • restrictions from a certain building, parts of campus or activities, George Brown College 16 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy • no contact orders, • change of class, program, or residence, change in work assignment, • a written reprimand, • suspension from school, suspension from work without pay, termination or expulsion. 10.7. Accountability measures are intended to be corrective, where possible. Not all accountability measures are disciplinary. The principles of progressive discipline will be considered when applying disciplinary measures. Accountability measures that are disciplinary include a written reprimand, suspension, termination, or expulsion 10.8. Responsible Administrators will provide Respondent(s) with a written decision that includes reasons for the determination made, and if a violation of the policy is found, the consequences to be imposed. 10.9. Responsible Administrators will provide the Complainant with a decision letter that describes findings of fact and whether a violation of the policy has been found. If a violation is found, the decision letter for the Complainant will also describe any consequences that have been taken or that will be taken. 10.10. The decision letters will be communicated to the parties no more than twelve (12) months from when the complaint was received and