evidence presented, Probabilities is it more likely than not that an action that is alleged took place?” Community Community Members includes George Brown College students, Members faculty, staff (whether or not employees), management, volunteers, visitors (including guest speakers), advisory committee members, governors and student and other groups that are formally recognized by the college. It also includes organizations at which college students are placed (“Placement Organizations”) and organizations who provide goods and services to the College (“Vendors”). Complainant A Community Member who makes a complaint under this policy. Discrimination Discrimination refers to the unequal or differential treatment based on a Prohibited Ground – whether intentional or not - that results in a disadvantage. Discrimination can be direct, indirect or systemic in nature. It includes the failure to accommodate persons based on a Prohibited Ground. Duty to The duty to make every reasonable effort, short of undue hardship, Accommodate to meet needs of persons based on a disability, family status or another Prohibited Ground. These efforts aim for integration and must respect individual dignity, worth, privacy, autonomy and individuality. A failure to meet this duty is a form of discrimination. Freedom of The right to speak, write, listen, challenge and learn, must be Expression protected as it is essential to discovery, critical assessment and the effective dissemination of knowledge and ideas and leads to social and economic advancement as recognized by the college’s Freedom of Expression Policy. Expression that violates the law, including the Ontario Human Rights Code, is not permitted. Expression that constitutes harassment, a threat or hate speech is not permitted. Other context-specific boundaries to freedom of expression may also apply, such as those arising out of the terms of employment and collective agreements. George Brown College 6 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy Term Definition Harassment Harassment refers to discriminatory harassment, namely a course of vexatious comment or conduct based on a Prohibited Ground, that exceeds the bounds of free expression or academic freedom as these are protected under college policies, which is known or ought reasonably to be known to be unwelcome. Harassment normally requires a ‘course’ of conduct or comment, but a single incident can be sufficiently egregious to constitute harassment. Hate Hate refers to the extreme bias or hatred of persons or groups based on a particular Prohibited Ground. The college recognizes the historical and ongoing hate experienced by certain groups, including the Black, Indigenous, Jewish, and Muslim communities, along with trans people and 2SLGBQIA + communities, women, and other communities characterized by Prohibited Grounds. Hate is a form of discrimination. The Criminal Code of Canada criminalizes expression and conduct motivated by hate that targets an identifiable group. Intersectionality Occurs when individuals experience discrimination or harassment based on more than one of the Prohibited Grounds, such as harassment based on race and creed. OAREHRS Refers to Office of Anti-Racism, Equity and Human Rights Services. Poisoned Occurs when one or a series of vexatious comments or behaviours (Negative) that are related to a prohibited ground, and are of a significant Environment nature or degree, create an offensive or