formal definitions of harassment or discrimination under our policies, it can still profoundly affect an individual's ability to fully participate in the college’s learning, working and living environments. The college’s approach to addressing these behaviors is intended, where possible to be systemic, remedial and restorative. This includes our commitment to education and proactive initiatives designed to promote equity, diversity, inclusion, accessibility, anti-racism, and Indigenization on our campus. George Brown College 4 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 3. Defined Terms The following are technical and legal terms that are defined for the purpose and context of the policy and by applicable law (ex. Ontario Human Rights Code) to help make this policy clear. Term Definition Academic Academic freedom includes the right, without constriction to: Freedom • freedom of expression in the learning environment, • freedom in carrying out research and disseminating and publishing the results thereof, • freedom in producing and performing creative works, • freedom to engage in service to the college and the community, • freedom to express their opinion about the college, its administration, or the system in which they work, • freedom from institutional censorship, and • freedom to participate in professional or representative academic bodies. Protections for Academic Freedom may be found in Academic Codes of Conduct, Collective Agreements, and other college policies. In exercising such freedom, there is a responsibility to adhere to the college’s anti-hate, anti-discrimination, and anti-harassment policies, as well as the law as it pertains to Human Rights and Hate Propaganda as defined under the Criminal Code of Canada, any other relevant legislation, Advisor “Advisor” refers to a Human Rights Advisor employed in OAREHRS (defined below). Advisors are responsible for: • developing, leading and assisting in education and prevention programs intended to inform Community Members about harassment and discrimination. • offering expert opinions and advice related to this policy and its complaint resolution process to complainants, respondents and administrators. • serving as case manager for complaints; and • establishing interim measures pending the resolution of complaints. • data collection and reporting procedures related to case management duties. • Advisors do not investigate complaints, act as advocates or offer legal advice. George Brown College 5 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy Term Definition Balance of A test used in civil law that asks, “Based on the evidence presented, Probabilities is it more likely than not that an action that is alleged took place?” Community Community Members includes George Brown College students, Members faculty, staff (whether or not employees), management, volunteers, visitors (including guest speakers), advisory committee members, governors and student and other groups that are formally recognized by the college. It also includes organizations at which college students are placed (“Placement Organizations”) and organizations who provide goods and services to the College (“Vendors”). Complainant A Community Member who makes a complaint under this policy. Discrimination Discrimination refers to the unequal or differential treatment based on a Prohibited Ground – whether intentional or not - that results in a disadvantage. Discrimination can be direct, indirect or systemic in nature. It includes the failure to accommodate