hate experienced by members of racialized and minoritized communities including Asian, Black, Indigenous, Jewish, Muslim, 2SLGBTQIA+ communities and persons with disabilities and all communities protected under the Ontario Human Rights Code. The Human Rights Code prohibits harassment and discrimination on the basis of race, gender identity, ancestry, gender expression, place of origin, age (18 years or older), colour, record of offences (employment only), receipt of public assistance (for housing only), ethnic origin, marital status, citizenship, family status, creed, sexual orientation, sex (including pregnancy and breastfeeding), and disability. The college recognizes and commits to addressing harassment and discrimination in any of its forms through initiatives that; • engage the college community in authentic learning opportunities; • challenge us to deeply reflect on our systems, practices, policies, and procedures; • inspire us to create an equitable and inclusive learning, working, living, and organizational culture and climate that is free of racism and hate in all its forms. George Brown College 3 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy This does not diminish the college’s role as a place for open discussion and free inquiry where diverse voices can be heard, and ideas and viewpoints can be explored and discussed freely and debated openly without fear of reprisal. However, this freedom of expression – the right to hold and express beliefs without interference – and the corresponding right of faculty and students to pursue research and scholarship without interference, are not unlimited, however. Expression that violates the law, including the Human Rights Code, will not be permitted. It is the shared responsibility of every member of the college community to foster an environment that is free from hate and discrimination. This responsibility includes actively striving to understand what constitutes hate and discrimination, familiarizing ourselves with the policies and procedures in place for addressing such concerns, and fully cooperating with the processes for resolving complaints and reports under these guidelines. The college community has a collective duty to ensure that our interactions and areas of influence reflect our commitment to equity, diversity inclusion, and respect for all. It is essential for every member of the college community to recognize that behaviors rooted in, or influenced by, conscious and/or unconscious bias, hate, prejudice, or negative stereotypes often underlie harassment and discriminatory conduct. Even when such behavior may not meet the formal definitions of harassment or discrimination under our policies, it can still profoundly affect an individual's ability to fully participate in the college’s learning, working and living environments. The college’s approach to addressing these behaviors is intended, where possible to be systemic, remedial and restorative. This includes our commitment to education and proactive initiatives designed to promote equity, diversity, inclusion, accessibility, anti-racism, and Indigenization on our campus. George Brown College 4 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 3. Defined Terms The following are technical and legal terms that are defined for the purpose and context of the policy and by applicable law (ex. Ontario Human Rights Code) to help make this policy clear. Term Definition Academic Academic freedom includes the right, without constriction to: Freedom • freedom of