College 12 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy Respondent. Mediation is only appropriate if voluntary. Mediated resolutions will be reduced to writing and signed by the Complainant and Respondent. Step 1 – Filing a complaint 9.6. Complaints must be made in writing, through the Intake Form, to an Advisor and must set out all the facts alleged to constitute harassment and discrimination, with dates and times, with the names of witnesses and with supporting documentation. 9.7. Complaints may be completed independently or with the assistance of an Advisor, are confidential, and shared only with those required under the policy. 9.8. Community Members may also submit a complaint. To file an anonymous complaint, complete the Anonymous Complaint Form or contact the OAREHRS at diversity@georgebrown.ca. 9.9. The college’s ability to investigate or respond to the specific circumstances of a complaint may be limited if the Complainant chooses to remain anonymous. However, anonymous complaints are included in the college’s annual reporting (without identifying information) to help the college better understand the community environment and support the creation and maintenance of a more inclusive learning, working, and living environment. The delivery of a complaint initiates a complaint resolution process. Complaints of harassment, or discrimination must be made within one (1) year of the alleged incident, or if related to a series of incidents, within one year after the last incident in the series. Complaints made outside of the one (1) year timeline must explain the cause of the delay. OAREHRS reserves the right to determine whether an untimely complaint will proceed to informal resolution or investigation. 9.10. OAREHRS will confirm receipt of a complaint no more than 30 days from filing the complaint along with an outline of the steps in the process and the estimated time for the issue to be addressed (including interim measures, where appropriate). Complaints will be resolved within 12 months of the date the complaint was received, unless there are extenuating circumstances. The parties to a complaint will be notified if it is believed that the complaint will take longer than 12 months to resolve. Step 2a - Preliminary complaint assessment 9.11. OAREHRS will receive and assess complaints to determine whether they should be resolved under this process or another process. 9.12. If a complaint does not set out a prima facie case of discrimination or harassment, OAREHRS will advise the Complainant that it will not be investigated. OAREHRS may also advise of alternative forms of support. George Brown College 13 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 9.13. If a complaint is untimely, OAREHRS will consider whether it should nonetheless be investigated in light of the reason for the delay, the potential prejudice caused by the delay and the college’s interest in maintaining a harassment and discrimination free learning, working, and living environment. 9.14. If a complaint is already the subject of a grievance or an application before the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario, OAREHRS may temporarily suspend the complaint resolution process. Step 2b - Interim measures and notification 9.15. After determining that a complaint sets out a prima facie case