The college recognizes the historical and ongoing hate experienced by certain groups, including the Black, Indigenous, Jewish, and Muslim communities, along with trans people and 2SLGBQIA + communities, women, and other communities characterized by Prohibited Grounds. Hate is a form of discrimination. The Criminal Code of Canada criminalizes expression and conduct motivated by hate that targets an identifiable group. Intersectionality Occurs when individuals experience discrimination or harassment based on more than one of the Prohibited Grounds, such as harassment based on race and creed. OAREHRS Refers to Office of Anti-Racism, Equity and Human Rights Services. Poisoned Occurs when one or a series of vexatious comments or behaviours (Negative) that are related to a prohibited ground, and are of a significant Environment nature or degree, create an offensive or intimidating learning, working and living environment for individuals or groups. A complainant does not have to be a direct target to be adversely affected by a negative environment. Can also be found where harassment or discrimination is condoned or ineffectively responded to by persons in authority. Prohibited The grounds for discrimination that are prohibited by the Ontario Grounds Human Rights Code: race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, receipt of public assistance (housing accommodation only) and record of offences (employment only). George Brown College 7 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy Term Definition Racism An ideology that either explicitly or implicitly asserts that one racialized group is inherently superior to others. Racist ideology can be openly manifested in racial slurs, jokes or hate crimes. However, it can be more deeply rooted in attitudes, values and stereotypical beliefs. In some cases these beliefs are unconsciously maintained by individuals and have become deeply embedded in systems and institutions that have evolved over time. Respondent A Community Member that is the subject of a complaint under this policy. Responsible A Responsible Administrator is responsible for resolving complaints. Administrator Where the Respondent is a faculty member, instructor or teaching assistant, the Dean will normally be the Responsible Administrator. Where the Respondent is a staff member, the decision-maker will be one level above the Respondent’s direct supervisor. For students who are Respondents, the Responsible Administrator is the Associate Vice-President, Student Success. Senior A Senior Administrator is defined as the President and the Vice- Administrator Presidents of divisions across the college. Sexual Violence An umbrella term that covers any sexual act or acts targeting a person's sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, whether the act is online, physical or psychological in nature, that is committed, threatened or attempted against a person without the person's consent. Sexual violence includes a range of behaviours, including, but not limited to, sexual assault, sexual harassment, sexual abuse, sexual misconduct, stalking, indecent exposure, human trafficking, voyeurism, sexual exploitation, drug-facilitated sexual assault, sexual coercion, cyber sexual harassment, technology-facilitated sexual abuse, recording and distribution of a sexually explicit photograph, stealthing, sexual solicitation, sexual innuendos, stalking and intimate partner violence. 4. Scope 4.1. This policy applies to all Community Members