agreed recommendation by stakeholders. This policy is subject to the Board of Governors' approval and will be reviewed and amended once every five years with meaningful consultation with the George Brown College community. The policy review will include a consultative process (as outlined in the GBC community consultation protocol) with key stakeholders, including students and those communities disproportionally affected by anti-Black racism, anti-Indigenous racism, antisemitism, and Islamophobia, along with members of the 2SLGBTQIA + communities, women, persons with disabilities and other communities characterized by Prohibited Grounds The review will include establishing a process, in consultation with elected student governing bodies, for the provision and consideration of input from a diverse selection of students in all reviews of this Policy. 15. Resources and Information Faculty, staff, and students can access advice and information about Harassment and/or Discrimination from a variety of college offices. The following are official offices of the college that have undertaken training and education about the Policy and its Procedures that are available to provide advice and information on behalf of the college: • Office of Anti-Racism Equity and Human Rights Services (OAREHRS) • Public Safety and Emergency Management • People and Culture • Student Conduct and Support and Well-being The above offices are resources available for information and support; they can assist a Complainant in preparing a complaint, but those wishing to file a complaint should do so by directly contacting the Office Anti-Racism, Equity and Human Rights Services at diversity@georgebrown.ca. George Brown College 19 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 16. Non-Compliance Implications This policy, sanctioned by George Brown College, is an institutional regulation requiring compliance across the college. Failure to comply with this policy may result in disciplinary measures commensurate with the offence in accordance with relevant academic and administrative codes of conduct and collective bargaining agreements. 17. Related Policies and Resources • Academic Employees Collective Agreement • Accessibility Learning Policy • AODA Accessibility Policy • Code of Non-Academic Student Behaviour • Employee Code of Conduct - Academic Staff • Employee Code of Conduct - Administrative Staff • Employee Code of Conduct - Support Staff • Freedom of Expression • Guidelines on Secure Handling of Confidential Information • Part-Time Support Staff Collective Agreement • Privacy Policy • Sexual Harassment and Sexual Violence Policy • Support Staff Collective Agreement • Workplace Accommodation Policy • Workplace Violence and Harassment Prevention Program • Whistleblower Policy 18. Governing Laws and Regulations • Ministry of Training Colleges and Universities Act • Occupational Health and Safety Act • Ontario Human Rights Code 19. Related Materials • Ontario Human Rights Commission www.ohrc.on.ca/en • ohrc.on.ca/en/racism-and-racial-discrimination-systemic-discrimination-fact- sheet George Brown College 20