Black racism, anti-Indigenous racism, antisemitism, and Islamophobia; • implement measures to support dialogue between Community Members for early intervention and de-escalation when tensions arise; • deal quickly, fairly and effectively with complaints of discrimination or harassment; • safeguard the rights of Complainants and Respondents throughout the complaints resolution process, including by honouring all entitlement to representation that arises under a collective agreement; • meet its Occupational Health and Safety Act duty to appropriately investigate all incidents and complaints of workplace harassment; • maintain the confidentiality of all information gathered in the complaints resolution process subject to the limitations set out in this policy; George Brown College 10 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy • provide appropriate training to those involved in complaint resolution; • deal with Placement Organizations and Vendors in a manner that supports the objects of this policy; and • hold all Community Members accountable for failing to meet their responsibilities under this policy. 6.3. Senior Administrators shall exhibit strong, visible and ongoing commitment to preventing all forms of discrimination and harassment. 6.4. Responsible Administrators shall make decisions as contemplated by the complaints resolution process as well as: • familiarize themselves with this policy and its complaints resolution process; and • identify and immediately address discriminatory and harassing behavior within their scope of responsibility that is amenable to correction; or • report the discriminatory and harassing behavior to an Advisor without delay. 6.5. Placement Organizations and Vendors shall comply with the Human Rights Code, shall employ duly diligent oversight and supervision to protect Community Members from discrimination and harassment and shall cooperate with any college investigation undertaken under this policy. 7. Prevention Through Education OAREHRS will develop an anti-racism, anti-oppression, and human rights education strategy, including campaigns, programs and events and ensure education and prevention activities are accessible for all Community Members. The topics will include but are not limited to: • Understanding Human Rights, Freedom of Expression and addressing and preventing racism and hate • Understanding rights and responsibilities under GBC’s Human Rights related policies • Understanding the complaint resolution process, including how to access support, report or make a complaint and file an appeal • Trauma-informed responses to complaints and investigations. • Bystander intervention. In addition to the above, OAREHRS will develop an education strategy for decision- makers which will include understanding procedural fairness, counteracting bias, and trauma-informed responses. The college will review its education plans every five (5) years to coincide with policy review timelines George Brown College 11 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 8. Where to Obtain Help or Learn About Filing a Complaint 8.1. Any Community Member who has a concern about discrimination or harassment may speak with an Advisor. Advisors will provide objective and confidential advice about this policy, filing a complaint, and options for seeking resolution. 8.2. In most situations Community Members may choose whether or not to proceed with a complaint. In some circumstances, however, providing specifics to an Advisor may compel the college to act in order to protect other Community Members. 8.3. When appropriate and desired by the Community