of progressive discipline will be considered when applying disciplinary measures. Accountability measures that are disciplinary include a written reprimand, suspension, termination, or expulsion 10.8. Responsible Administrators will provide Respondent(s) with a written decision that includes reasons for the determination made, and if a violation of the policy is found, the consequences to be imposed. 10.9. Responsible Administrators will provide the Complainant with a decision letter that describes findings of fact and whether a violation of the policy has been found. If a violation is found, the decision letter for the Complainant will also describe any consequences that have been taken or that will be taken. 10.10. The decision letters will be communicated to the parties no more than twelve (12) months from when the complaint was received and will outline the appeals mechanisms available. 11. Appeals 11.1. A Respondent may file a written appeal to the OAREHRS within ten (10) days of receiving a decision from the Responsible Administrator by writing to the Associate Vice-President, OAREHRS. 11.2. The appeal will be heard by a Senior Administrator who has had no prior involvement in the matter under appeal and who is not in an apparent or real conflict of interest. The Senior Administrator is not required to discuss the written appeal with the Respondent before deciding the appeal. 11.3. An appeal is not a reconsideration of Responsible Administrator’s decision. The Senior Administrator who hears an appeal will affirm the Responsible Administrator’s decision unless (a) the procedure employed the Responsible Administrator was unfair and reconsideration is warranted or (b) the Responsible Administrator’s decision is unreasonable in light of the evidence put before the Responsible Administrator. 11.4. The Senior Administrator who hears an appeal shall receive appropriate training for this role and may seek confidential legal advice. George Brown College 17 Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy 11.5. In most cases, the Senior Administrator will normally issue their decision in fifteen (15) business days. The decision is final, and there is no further right to appeal. If the appeal is expected to take more than 15 business days, the parties will be advised. 11.6. Nothing in this policy limits a party’s ability to make a complaint to the Ontario Ombudsman. 12. Data Governance and Annual Reporting All records relating to this complaints resolution process shall be kept confidential in OAREHRS, including records of decisions, appeal decisions and informal resolutions. 12.1. Personal data will only be used for the purpose of its collection. 12.2. The college will collect data and prepare an annual report on the following: • The number of complaints reported by the GBC community • The type of complaints (including whether verbal, physical, property related) • The number of complaints that do not proceed to a review (i.e. investigation) • The number of complaints resolved via informal resolution • The associated Human Rights Code ground • The associated subcategories of Code grounds and applicable intersectionality • The incident outcomes, including response and resolution times, the findings of investigations, and the involvement of law enforcement. 12.3. The college will provide its Board of Governors