6.1 Responsibility for Disclosure of Protectable Intellectual Property College personnel, as per section 3, who alone or in association with others (within or outside the College) create IP that may be protected (registered as a patent, industrial design, integrated circuit topography or a trademark) except for copyrightable (see section 7 ), with any use of college resources, are responsible for disclosing the subject matter to the college. Disclosure must be made when it can be reasonably concluded that a protectable subject matter has been created, and sufficiently in advance of any publications, presentation, or other public disclosure to allow time for possible action that protects rights to the intellectual property for the creator(s) and the college. Creators are encouraged to seek the advice of the Office of Applied Research and Innovation in determining whether the subject matter is protectable. See section 10 for disclosure process. 6.2 Determination of Rights to Eligible Intellectual Property Except as outlined below, the creator of protectable intellectual property retains his or her rights, and the college shall not assert ownership rights. The college will assert ownership rights to protectable intellectual property developed under any of the following circumstances: Development was funded by an externally sponsored research program or by any  agreement that allocates rights to the college. Development was funded or partially funded by one or more sector partner(s)   Development required use of college resources (e.g. facilities, equipment, funding) or more than minimal use of college personnel.4 The creator was assigned, directed, or specifically funded by the college to develop  the material. Material was developed by administrators or staff in the course of employment duties  and constitutes work for hire under Canadian law. 4 The college has rights to patentable material derived from research carried out with any use of George Brown resources. However, patentable material developed independently by the creator outside of normal duties associated with the creator's position and with no use of college resources is vested with the creator and/or with the organization whose resources were used, such as a hospital. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 7. COPYRIGHTABLE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 7.1 Responsibility for Disclosure of Copyrightable Intellectual Property In contrast to historical business practice, the tradition of academic institutions is to give staff the right to retain ownership of their copyrightable products. This policy protects that traditional right and staff are not obligated to disclose the creation of copyrightable material, even when the product might have commercial value, unless the material was developed under one of the qualifying conditions listed in the next section (7.2). In this case, the creator is responsible for timely disclosure. However, staff are encouraged to disclose any copyrightable material that has commercial value to the extent that they may wish assistance in copyright protection and marketing in exchange for profit sharing with the college. See section 10 for disclosure process. 7.2 Determination of Rights to Copyrightable Intellectual Property Except as outlined below, the creator of copyrightable intellectual property will