are six main types of IP protection under Canadian law: copyrights, industrial designs, integrated circuit topographies, patents, trademarks and trade secrets. 5.1 Types of IP Protection Copyrights: Copyrights include, without limitation, all creative works, electronic or paper documents, software (including source code and object code), multimedia or audiovisual materials, photographs, and any other materials that may be copyrightable under Canadian law. Copyrightable material shall include educational or research software, but shall not include software other than educational or research software. Industrial Designs: An industrial design is the features of shape, configuration, pattern or ornament (or any combination of these features) applied to a finished article made by hand, tool or machine. It may be, for example, the shape of a table or the shape and ornamentation of a spoon. The design must have features that appeal to the eye. To be eligible for registration with the Industrial Design Office, your design must be original.2 Integrated circuit topographies: Integrated circuit topographies are now considered a form of intellectual property. Recognizing the growing impact of integrated circuit technology in virtually all fields of industry, and the need to protect Canadian innovations in this technology both nationally and internationally, Canada has introduced protection for integrated circuit topographies. Topographies are innovative, three-dimensional circuit designs used in many different products. Examples of such products are automobiles, industrial robots, cameras, spacecraft and computers.3 Patents: Patents include, without limitation, all inventions, discoveries, know-how (despite the fact that these may not benefit from patent protection) or other material that is patentable under Canadian law, as well as all software that is excluded from "copyrightable material" (whether or not patentable under Canadian law). Trademarks: Trademarks include a word, a symbol, a design (or a combination of these features), used to distinguish the wares or services of one person or organization from those of others in the marketplace or any other feature that is considered a trademark under Canadian law. 2 Canadian Intellectual Property Office, Industry Canada, http://www.cipo.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/cipointernet-internetopic.nsf/eng/wr00253.html 3 Canadian Intellectual Property Office, Industry Canada, http://www.cipo.ic.gc.ca/eic/site/cipointernet-internetopic.nsf/eng/wr00423.html Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – Trade secrets: Trade secrets are ideas or know-how (business methods, processes, machines, formulas, patterns and techniques) that are kept secret from one's business competitors. 6. PROTECTABLE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 6.1 Responsibility for Disclosure of Protectable Intellectual Property College personnel, as per section 3, who alone or in association with others (within or outside the College) create IP that may be protected (registered as a patent, industrial design, integrated circuit topography or a trademark) except for copyrightable (see section 7 ), with any use of college resources, are responsible for disclosing the subject matter to the college. Disclosure must be made when it can be reasonably concluded that a protectable subject matter has been created, and sufficiently in advance of any publications, presentation, or other public disclosure to allow time for possible action that protects rights to the intellectual property for the creator(s) and the college. Creators are encouraged to seek the advice of the Office of Applied