basis. The college may, at its sole discretion, waive, transfer, or license to the creator its rights to any intellectual property when such action does not conflict with obligations to other interested parties. This could occur for instance, if the costs of protecting and developing the intellectual property are not likely to be matched by anticipated income. If at any time the college shall terminate its effort to seek protection of intellectual property, or to discontinue commercial development, the inventor shall, upon filing a request with the college and completing appropriate transfer of rights, be free at his or her expense to seek a patent or copyright, and / or develop, license, and otherwise use the material, subject to the college's rights to reimbursement of incurred costs and sharing of future royalties, in amounts to be negotiated between the college and the creator on a case-by-case basis. 12. INCOME DISTRIBUTION 12.1 Net Royalty Income Unless otherwise agreed, Net Royalty Income shall mean gross royalties received by George Brown College in the form of cash or cash proceeds whether from the sale of equity or obtained in licensing transactions, milestone payments or royalty payments, less commercialization costs of the Office of Applied Research and Innovation (including but not limited to billed costs for protection of intellectual property, marketing, legal fees and other licensing costs). 12.2 Distribution of Net Royalty Income With respect to intellectual property owned by the college hereunder Net Royalty Income shall be distributed (usually annually) as follows:  50% Creator(s) (personal)  30% Creator's Department or equivalent unit (for support of research and other creative activity)  20% college (Office of Research and Innovation funds for discretionary support of research and other creative activity) In the event of joint creators, the payments made to the inventor under the above schedule shall be divided equally among the creators, except as may be otherwise agreed to by the creators and approved by the Office of Applied Research and Innovation. In the event the college receives other than monetary consideration in connection with any license, such as equity, such consideration shall be considered Gross Royalties and shall be apportioned according to the above schedule. Any equity received by the college Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – may be held by the college until such time that the college decides to liquidate such equity. The college has the sole right to determine the disposition of intellectual property in which it has equity. Payments for research or contributions of equipment shall not be considered Gross Royalty Income but shall be the sole property of the college. The college may postpone the distribution of Net Royalty Income when future expenses relating to the applicable technology, such as patent prosecution costs, or an infringement suit, are reasonably anticipated. 12.3 College Personnel Equity Participation College policy on conflict of interest allows college personnel to receive equity in return for their contributions to companies as founders or consultants, as long as the college personnel discloses