and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – may be held by the college until such time that the college decides to liquidate such equity. The college has the sole right to determine the disposition of intellectual property in which it has equity. Payments for research or contributions of equipment shall not be considered Gross Royalty Income but shall be the sole property of the college. The college may postpone the distribution of Net Royalty Income when future expenses relating to the applicable technology, such as patent prosecution costs, or an infringement suit, are reasonably anticipated. 12.3 College Personnel Equity Participation College policy on conflict of interest allows college personnel to receive equity in return for their contributions to companies as founders or consultants, as long as the college personnel discloses his or her equity position and is otherwise in compliance with the college Conflict of Interest Policy. In the event the college personnel receives equity from the company, and the college has negotiated as licensor a royalty bearing license, or an option for such a license, with respect to intellectual property, the college personnel shall agree to waive his or her share of Net Royalty Income received by the college and the college shall retain it. College personnel who are planning to direct or participate in a research program sponsored by a company in which they hold equity must disclose their equity position, and agree to periodic review of their participation in the project, by the Director of Applied Research and Innovation or her or his designee. The purpose of such review is to assess potential conflicts between company sponsored research and other research programs in the creator's laboratory and to monitor compliance with college policies. 12.4 Conflict Resolution The Director of Applied Research and Innovation is responsible for the administration of this policy. The Office of Applied Research and Innovation will handle questions regarding the application, interpretation or implementation of the policy, or regarding disagreement among creators concerning assignment of rights or sharing of royalties. Disagreement with any determination made by that Office may be directed to the Vice President, Academic or his or her designee for a final determination. 13. USE OF GEORGE BROWN NAME, MARK, OR INSIGNIA Use of the college name, seal or logo on letterhead and business cards is standardized and regulated by the Communications and Marketing Department. Any questions regarding the use of the college name, seal, or logo in circumstances other that the ones listed above should be referred to the Director of Communications. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – In particular note that the George Brown college name, seal, and logo may not be used: in conjunction with any private or commercial enterprise;  in tandem with the advertisement of any product; or  by any individual or group promoting itself.  George Brown’s policy on Rights and Responsibilities Regarding Intellectual Property was adapted from material prepared by Tufts Computing and Communication Services Department, Tufts University and from material prepared by Steven