2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 2. ADMINISTRATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Office of Applied Research and Innovation will be responsible for the day-to-day management of all college intellectual property issues, and shall be empowered to negotiate the college's rights under these policies. 3. WHO IS COVERED: COLLEGE PERSONNEL This policy covers college personnel including faculty, administrators, office and technical staff, students, visiting scholars, contractors, consultants and all others whose work or study affiliation is with the college, whether compensated by the college or not. 3.1 Scope of Coverage College personnel are covered to the extent that their creative work involves the use of college resources such as space, facilities, equipment, staff, or funds, as stipulated for the particular circumstances described in sections 6.2 and 7.2 for all intellectual property1. 4. WHAT IS COVERED: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY All intellectual property produced at the college by college personnel, and / or which arises from joint initiatives with outside parties, such as industry or sector partners, are covered by this policy. 4.1 What is Intellectual Property? Intellectual property (IP) is any form of knowledge or expression created by one's intellect that can be legally protected. It is the product of the act of creation, such as: inventions; creative works; technical information; prototypes; drawings; specifications; know-how, electronic or paper documents; software (including source code and object code); industrial designs; multimedia or audiovisual materials; photographs; and curriculum and teaching materials. Individuals and/or institutions can own IP in the same way they can own physical property. An owner of IP can control and receive payment for its use. IP may be registered (see below), through an appropriate national registry office, affording it a certain level of protection for a period of time (varies by the kind of IP). IP may be licensed (giving someone conditional permission to use the item subject to compensation) or assigned (transferring ownership to another person for compensation). 1 As a condition of affiliation with the college, members of the college community are bound by all college policies, including this one. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 5. IP PROTECTION College owned IP may be protected, developed or commercialized at the college’s option and expense. There are six main types of IP protection under Canadian law: copyrights, industrial designs, integrated circuit topographies, patents, trademarks and trade secrets. 5.1 Types of IP Protection Copyrights: Copyrights include, without limitation, all creative works, electronic or paper documents, software (including source code and object code), multimedia or audiovisual materials, photographs, and any other materials that may be copyrightable under Canadian law. Copyrightable material shall include educational or research software, but shall not include software other than educational or research software. Industrial Designs: An industrial design is the features of shape, configuration, pattern or ornament (or any combination of these features) applied to a finished article made by hand, tool or machine. It may be, for example, the shape of a table or the shape and ornamentation of a