Ratings and other relevant information before giving approval for the unit-administered College Activities. b) College staff is prohibited from arranging independent student placements internationally. The International Centre needs to be informed of any proposed private arrangement in order to complete a due diligence/background check of any institution and/or individuals involved. 6.0 PREPARING STUDENTS FOR AN INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITY 6.1 Orientation and Training Student participants in an international activity must be provided with appropriate orientation and briefing prior to embarking on an activity. The briefing should be tailored to the nature of the international activity and the experience of the participants, and must be presented by individuals with the requisite level of knowledge and expertise. Participants in a low-risk international activity must be given advance information about the activity, the travel plan, the chain of leadership and the emergency procedures that have been established. The scope and timing of the delivery of such information are expected to reflect the nature of the activity and the experience of the participants. The information will normally be provided by the faculty or staff leader, whether through oral briefings or in written format. Participants who so request should have the opportunity for a face-to-face briefing. Participants in moderate-risk international activity must be provided with an opportunity for face- to-face briefing about the risks associated with the international activity. The briefings may be conducted at the academic unit level by a qualified individual. It may be appropriate or necessary for the unit to call upon the Occupational and Environmental Health and Safety Office, the International Centre or to engage the services of an external consultant or agency to provide such training. Participants must take all required training (e.g. first aid), or show proof of competence by presenting current certifications, before they may participate in the activity outside Canada. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL POLICY FOR STUDENTS - The International Centre provides education, training and support in the area of international travel safety and operates a Pre-Departure Orientation program for members of the George Brown community. Students participating in an international activity can be provided with a pre- departure briefing outlining foreseeable health and safety risks associated with international travel. 6.2 Acknowledgement of Risk and International Mobility Forms Students involved in an international activity must be advised of the known and reasonable foreseeable risks inherent in the activity, and they acknowledge that they consent to the assumption of these risks. All students must complete in full, sign and date the following international mobility forms: a) Release of Liability, Waiver of Claims, Assumption of Risks and Indemnity Agreement b) Agreement of Participation c) Attestation of Good Health d) Emergency Contacts Other forms may be developed specifically to meet the needs of individual international activities, following consultation with the College Legal Counsel. These forms are posted on Insite http://insite/international_education/default.asp. 6.3 Liability Insurance The purpose of liability insurance is to protect against lawsuits arising from some accidental or untended occurrence affecting someone else’s person or property. The College has