Affairs Canada advises against Extreme Risk all travel to these countries. Canadians in the specified region(s) of these countries should leave C) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Extreme Risk all travel to these countries. D) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: Extreme Risk all travel to the specified region(s) of these countries. Canadians in the specified region(s) of these countries should leave Region: E) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: Extreme Risk all travel to the specified region(s) of these countries. F) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: Extreme risk nonessential travel to these countries. Country: High Risk Canadians without essential reasons to be in these countries should leave. G) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against High Risk nonessential travel to these countries. H) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: High Risk nonessential travel to the specified region(s) of these countries. Canadians without essential reasons to be in the specified region(s) of these countries should leave. I) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: High Risk nonessential travel to the specified region(s) of these countries. J) No DFAIT travel Advisory Moderate Risk Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL POLICY FOR STUDENTS - 4.2 Travel to Extreme or High Risk Destination The College will not authorize student travel for College Activities to locations rated as Extreme or High Risk. Travel to locations designated as Extreme or High Risk is prohibited. Students who choose to travel to Extreme or High Risk locations do so at their own risk. No certificate, diploma or academic credit will be awarded to students who choose to travel to a location rated as Extreme or High Risk. 4.3 Travel to Moderate Risk Destinations The College will only normally authorize student travel for College Activities to locations rated as no higher than Moderate Risk, provided students participating in the College Activities have completed the Pre-Departure Orientation offered by the academic unit in cooperation with the International Centre. Students who do not complete the Pre-Departure Orientation will not be permitted to participate in the relevant College Activities. Students may appeal such decisions in writing to the Vice-President, Corporate Services or a designate. 4.4 Changes to Risk Ratings while Students are in the Field Should the Risk Rating of a location change while students are participating in College Activities, the International Centre will advise students of the changes to the risk level and will notify the appropriate College administrator as outlined in Section 5. 5.0 AUTHORIZATIONS FOR COLLEGE ACTIVITIES 5.1 College Activities Administered by Academic Units (e.g. course field trips, independent study courses) College Activities which are carried out and administered by academic units must comply with the Risk Ratings System as outlined in Section 4. Unit Directors/Chairs’ Responsibilities: a) Unit Directors/Chairs must consult with the International Centre for Risk Ratings and other relevant information before giving approval for unit-administered College Activities requiring international travel. b) Should the Risk Rating of a location change while students are participating in centre/division administered College Activities, the International Centre will advise the Director/Chair of