George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL POLICY FOR STUDENTS - 1.0 INTRODUCTION As a leader in applied education George Brown College (the “College”) encourages students to pursue academic/work opportunities beyond its campuses and outside Canada. The College’s Internationalization Strategy promotes increasing student activities internationally. The College also recognizes that such activities can expose participants to certain risks and that reasonable precautions must be taken with respect to the health and safety of students involved in study and work activities undertaken abroad under the auspices of the College. 2.0 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS This policy is based on the policy documents relating to international student travel created by the University of Guelph, Queen’s University and Mount Royal College. 3.0 SCOPE AND APPLICATION TYPES OF ACTIVITIES This policy applies to any activity undertaken outside of Canada by the College’s students in connection with their academic work or any other activity officially organized under the auspices of the College (“College Activities”). These College Activities include but are not limited to: • Field trips • Credit courses • Research projects • Exchange programs • Semesters abroad • Letters of Permission • Practica • Internships • Co-op placements • Scholarly conferences • Organized sport competitions or other extracurricular activities [Activities organized by student associations or student clubs are not addressed by this policy.] 4.0 RISK RATING SYSTEM 4.1. Risk Rating System The College has established a Risk Rating System as outlined in Table 1 to be used in deciding whether College Activities will be undertaken when such activities involve travel to particular destinations (countries or region of a country). The Risk Rating System is based on or refers to information provided by Foreign Affairs and International Trade Canada (DFAIT) and is made available through the International Centre. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL POLICY FOR STUDENTS - DISCLAIMER Travel information is generated and maintained by DFAIT and other outside agencies. The College is in no way responsible for the accuracy or content of the travel information provided. Table 1: Risk Ratings for Countries and Regions of Countries Foreign Affairs Canada Rating College Risk Rating A) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Extreme Risk all travel to these countries. Canadians in these countries should leave. B) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Extreme Risk all travel to these countries. Canadians in the specified region(s) of these countries should leave C) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Extreme Risk all travel to these countries. D) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: Extreme Risk all travel to the specified region(s) of these countries. Canadians in the specified region(s) of these countries should leave Region: E) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: Extreme Risk all travel to the specified region(s) of these countries. F) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against Region: Extreme risk nonessential travel to these countries. Country: High Risk Canadians without essential reasons to be in these countries should leave. G) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against High Risk nonessential travel to these countries. H) Foreign Affairs Canada advises against