students are participating in College Activities, the International Centre will advise students of the changes to the risk level and will notify the appropriate College administrator as outlined in Section 5. 5.0 AUTHORIZATIONS FOR COLLEGE ACTIVITIES 5.1 College Activities Administered by Academic Units (e.g. course field trips, independent study courses) College Activities which are carried out and administered by academic units must comply with the Risk Ratings System as outlined in Section 4. Unit Directors/Chairs’ Responsibilities: a) Unit Directors/Chairs must consult with the International Centre for Risk Ratings and other relevant information before giving approval for unit-administered College Activities requiring international travel. b) Should the Risk Rating of a location change while students are participating in centre/division administered College Activities, the International Centre will advise the Director/Chair of the unit. The Director/Chair shall advise the Dean or a designate of any Risk Ratings change. Any decision made to alter or otherwise cancel or suspend the relevant College Activity will be made by the Dean or a designate, with such consultation as is appropriate. c) Should circumstances arise which change the Risk Rating of a location to Extreme or High Risk while the students are on location, and such circumstances make it impossible for on-site College personnel to consult with the Dean or a designate as in subsection George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL POLICY FOR STUDENTS - 5.1 (b), the on-site College personnel may take all reasonable steps they believe necessary to protect the safety of students and College personnel. 5.2 College Activities Administered by an Academic Centre, School or Division (e.g. Semester Abroad Activities) College Activities which are carried out and administered by an academic centre, school or division (the “unit”) must comply with the Risk Ratings System as outlined in Section 4. Deans’ Responsibilities: a) The Dean or a designate must consult with the International Centre for Risk Ratings and other relevant information before giving approval for such unit-administered College Activities requiring international travel. b) Should the Risk Rating of a location change while students are participating in unit- administered College Activities, the International Centre will advise the Dean or a designate. The Dean or a designate will advise the Vice-President, Corporate Services or a designate, and Director/Chair, if applicable of any Risk Rating change. Any decision made to alter or otherwise cancel or suspend George Brown College’s International Travel Policy for Students will be made by the Vice-President, Corporate Services or a designate. c) Should circumstances arise which change the Risk Rating of a location to Extreme or High Risk while the students are on location, and such circumstances make it impossible for on-site College personnel to consult with the Vice-President, Corporate Services or a designate as in subsection 5.2 (b), the on-site College personnel may take all reasonable steps they believe to protect the safety of students and College personnel. 5.3 College Activities Administered by the International Centre (e.g. Exchange Programs, etc.) College Activities which are carried out and administered by the International Centre must comply with the Risk Rating System as outlined in