George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 1. INTRODUCTION George Brown College seeks to encourage creativity, innovation and invention among its faculty, students, and staff. The college invests in this endeavor by making available its own facilities, equipment, personnel, and information resources. The college also actively seeks specific support for creative activity from external sources, both public and private. Frequently, inventions, discoveries, and creative works that are developed by individuals at the college will have commercial and / or scientific and scholarly value. The intent of this policy is to provide incentives that foster creative activity, and to help assure that any intellectual property produced will be exploited for the benefit of the creators, the college applied research enterprise, and the public. To help meet these policy objectives, the college makes available, through the Office of Applied Research and Innovation, technical and legal assistance in procedures necessary to protect ownership of intellectual property and to aid in its commercial development. 1.1 Purpose of Policy The specific aims of this policy include the following: Encourage creativity among the faculty, students and staff;  Increase the likelihood that ideas, innovations, inventions, and creative works  produced at the college are used to benefit the public; Protect the traditional rights of scholars with respect to owning the products of their  intellectual endeavors; Assure compliance with the provisions of contracts with external sponsors; and  provide that, whenever possible intellectual property is introduced for commercial development, the creator(s) and the college share any net profits; Outline the process for disclosure of inventions by faculty, students and staff to the  college; Encourage collaborative applied research projects with external partners and provide  guidelines for sharing intellectual property, royalties, licensing agreements etc. with external partners. Encourage the commercialization of intellectual property that arises from research  and innovation at George Brown College. 1.2 Changes to this Policy The college reserves the right to change this policy from time to time. Proposed changes normally will be developed by the Office of Applied Research and Innovation, in consultation with the appropriate stakeholders. Changes to the college’s IP policy are approved by the Academic Excellence Committee, the College Council, the Academic Students Affairs Committee, and the Board of Governors. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 2. ADMINISTRATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Office of Applied Research and Innovation will be responsible for the day-to-day management of all college intellectual property issues, and shall be empowered to negotiate the college's rights under these policies. 3. WHO IS COVERED: COLLEGE PERSONNEL This policy covers college personnel including faculty, administrators, office and technical staff, students, visiting scholars, contractors, consultants and all others whose work or study affiliation is with the college, whether compensated by the college or not. 3.1 Scope of Coverage College personnel are covered to the extent that their creative work involves the use of college resources such as space, facilities, equipment, staff, or funds, as stipulated for the particular circumstances described in