to alter or otherwise cancel or suspend George Brown College’s International Travel Policy for Students will be made by the Vice-President, Corporate Services or a designate. c) Should circumstances arise which change the Risk Rating of a location to Extreme or High Risk while the students are on location, and such circumstances make it impossible for on-site College personnel to consult with the Vice-President, Corporate Services or a designate as in subsection 5.2 (b), the on-site College personnel may take all reasonable steps they believe to protect the safety of students and College personnel. 5.3 College Activities Administered by the International Centre (e.g. Exchange Programs, etc.) College Activities which are carried out and administered by the International Centre must comply with the Risk Rating System as outlined in Section 4. Director, International Operations and Student Services’ Responsibilities: a) The Director, International Operations and Student Services, must consider Risk Ratings and other relevant information before giving approval for International Centre administered College Activities. b) Should the Risk Rating of a location change while students are participating in the International Centre administered College Activities, the Director, International Operations and Student Services, shall advise the Dean, International and Immigrant Education, of any Risk Ratings change. Any decision made to alter or otherwise cancel or suspend the College Activities will be made by the Dean of International and Immigrant Education or a designate. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL POLICY FOR STUDENTS - c) Should circumstances arise which change the Risk Rating of a location to Extreme or High Risk while the students are on location, and such circumstances make it impossible for onsite College personnel to consult with the Dean, International and Immigrant Education or a designate, as in subsection 5.3(b), the on-site College personnel may take all reasonable steps they believe to be necessary to protect the safety of students and College personnel. 5.4 Other College Activities (e.g. Co-op work placements, internships, nonacademic college activities, etc.) College Activities which are carried out and administered by any other unit not otherwise included in this Section 5 must comply with the Risk Ratings System as outlined in Section 4. Unit Head’s Responsibilities: a) The head of the unit must consult with the International Centre’s Risk Ratings and other relevant information before giving approval for the unit-administered College Activities. b) College staff is prohibited from arranging independent student placements internationally. The International Centre needs to be informed of any proposed private arrangement in order to complete a due diligence/background check of any institution and/or individuals involved. 6.0 PREPARING STUDENTS FOR AN INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITY 6.1 Orientation and Training Student participants in an international activity must be provided with appropriate orientation and briefing prior to embarking on an activity. The briefing should be tailored to the nature of the international activity and the experience of the participants, and must be presented by individuals with the requisite level of knowledge and expertise. Participants in a low-risk international activity must be given advance information about the activity, the