Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DEVELOPED IN JOINT INITIATIVES WITH OUTSIDE PARTIES Where the college enters into an agreement with an outside party (person(s), institution(s), or business(s)) that may result in the generation of intellectual property, the parties will ensure that a written agreement sets out their respective rights to the intellectual property in the work, and any terms relating to the sharing of risk and revenue from the exploitation of the work. In the case of contract research where GBC is paid for research services by an outside party, the outside party retains all of the IP. A generalized model to guide the development of IP agreements for collaborative research with an outside party is as follows: Type of Collaboration Resources IP owned (%) Outside Party College A. An outside party involves GBC to assist with a research project for which IP has already GBC contributes resources. 50 - 100 0 - 50 been developed. B. Research project that is co- developed by the college and an Both parties contribute resources. 50 50 outside partner. Only GBC contributes resources. 0-25 75-100 Only partner contributes resources. 75-100 0-25 C. GBC involves an outside party to assist with a research Outside party contributes resources. 0 - 50 50 -100 project for which IP has already been developed. 10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DEVELOPED UNDER SPONSORED RESEARCH AGREEMENTS Ownership of intellectual property developed pursuant to an agreement with any sponsor will be governed by the provisions of that agreement. Sponsored research programs funded by private sponsors will generally provide for the college to retain title to all intellectual property that arises in the course of the research program with the sponsor retaining an option to acquire commercialization rights through a separate license agreement. Government and nonprofit sponsors generally allow rights to intellectual property that arises from the research program to vest with the college, subject to certain retained rights held by the sponsoring agency. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – 11. WAIVER OR RETURN OF RIGHTS Since the college aims to encourage creativity, it reserves the right to allow some flexibility in applying this policy on a case-by-case basis. The college may, at its sole discretion, waive, transfer, or license to the creator its rights to any intellectual property when such action does not conflict with obligations to other interested parties. This could occur for instance, if the costs of protecting and developing the intellectual property are not likely to be matched by anticipated income. If at any time the college shall terminate its effort to seek protection of intellectual property, or to discontinue commercial development, the inventor shall, upon filing a request with the college and completing appropriate transfer of rights, be free at his or her expense to seek a patent or copyright, and / or develop, license, and otherwise use the material, subject to the college's rights to reimbursement of incurred costs and