of academic institutions is to give staff the right to retain ownership of their copyrightable products. This policy protects that traditional right and staff are not obligated to disclose the creation of copyrightable material, even when the product might have commercial value, unless the material was developed under one of the qualifying conditions listed in the next section (7.2). In this case, the creator is responsible for timely disclosure. However, staff are encouraged to disclose any copyrightable material that has commercial value to the extent that they may wish assistance in copyright protection and marketing in exchange for profit sharing with the college. See section 10 for disclosure process. 7.2 Determination of Rights to Copyrightable Intellectual Property Except as outlined below, the creator of copyrightable intellectual property will retain his or her rights, and the college shall not assert ownership rights. However, creators will be expected to grant non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual licenses to the college for copyrightable material that is developed for college courses or curriculum, so that the college's continued use of such material for educational purposes would not be jeopardized. The college will assert ownership rights to copyrightable intellectual property developed under any of the following circumstances: Development was funded as part of an externally sponsored research program under  an agreement which allocates rights to the college; A staff member was assigned, directed, or specifically funded by the college to  develop the material, and the college has negotiated an understanding or formal contract with the creator; Material was developed by administrators or other non-faculty employees in the  course of employment duties and constitutes work as a condition of employment under Canadian law; The material was developed with extraordinary or substantially more use of college  resources than would normally be provided for the creator's employment duties. This might occur as disproportionate use of staff time, networks, equipment, or direct funding. 8. DISCLOSURE 8.1 Disclosure Process Intellectual property disclosable hereunder shall be disclosed to the Office of Applied Research and Innovation. IP is disclosed by completing and submitting the Disclosure Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College - Academic Policies and Guidelines INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY – Form to the Office of Applied Research and Innovation. The form describes of the details of the invention including: Names of all creators and contributors to the creation;  A description of the creation and the research done to create it, as well as  identifying what the creator thinks makes the creation unique; A list of all funding sources that were used to complete the research.  The Office of Applied Research and Innovation will meet with the creator to review the disclosure. During this meeting the Office of Applied Research and Innovation will gain an understanding of the invention by asking questions to determine what the creation does, how it works, what it can be used for, what the creator feels is “novel” about the creation, and what future development of the creation the creator plans to pursue. Following the preliminary evaluation of the potential IP