time. 1.3 Use of Resources The primary use of all resources, including hardware, software, audio, video, and textual resources, isfor academic purposes. Users have the right to consult and borrow resources without prejudice. While the obligation of sharing resources is governed, in part, by College codes of conduct, information about the activities of individual borrowers – including materials used – is not released to any person, institution, or agency, except as may be required in the application of sanctions or as required in matters of law enforcement or under the provisions of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act [F.I.P.P.A] 1.4 Security Library Learning Commons staff reserve the right to request identification from any user – in particular, those users who have set off the security alarm when entering or leaving the LLC, those users who are deemed to be using resources and technology inappropriately, and those users whose behaviour is deeme d to be disruptive or contrary to College or LLC policy. Users who refuse to provide identification when requested will be asked to leave the premises. Likewise, users who fail to adhere to College codes of conduct and LLC policies may have their privileges suspended pending disciplinary action by their academic Chair or Dean. 2 FINES SCHEDULE A schedule of all late fees and other charges will be posted on the LLC Website and will be updated from time to time. 3 LOAN PERIODS 4. LLC ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY The George Brown College Acceptable Use Policy for Students governs the use of LLC information systems and resources. It describes the responsibility of the student in regard to the proper use of GBC information systems and resources, including those made available through the LLC. • The use of information systems and resources by students is also governed by the Code of Student Conduct, the Ontario Human Rights Code, and the College Prevention of Discrimination Policy. • Access to college information systems is a privilege. Access may be revoked if students misuse or abuse College and LLC systems. The College reserves the right to control excessive use of computing resources to ensure equitable access by all users of the service. During peak periods, the LLC may place time limitations on the use of LLC technology and place restrictions on specific uses/applications, e.g. recreational web-browsing, game-playing, chat, etc. Refer to the Library Learning Commons Website for details and updates. • Students must comply with legislation regarding copyright, trademark and licensing agreements. This legislation applies to printed, audio and visual materials, information accessed via the Internet, and software applications. [See also College Copyright Policy.] Only software that has been authorized for use within the college may be installed on LLC systems. The installation of peertopeer software is not authorized nor permitted. • All information systems and technology are to be used in an ethical and legal manner [including email and Internet use]. Information systems cannot be used to: facilitate the defamation or degradation of individuals, infringe upon copyrights, conduct or participate in criminal activity, or in any way that might assist in