recreational web-browsing, game-playing, chat, etc. Refer to the Library Learning Commons Website for details and updates. • Students must comply with legislation regarding copyright, trademark and licensing agreements. This legislation applies to printed, audio and visual materials, information accessed via the Internet, and software applications. [See also College Copyright Policy.] Only software that has been authorized for use within the college may be installed on LLC systems. The installation of peertopeer software is not authorized nor permitted. • All information systems and technology are to be used in an ethical and legal manner [including email and Internet use]. Information systems cannot be used to: facilitate the defamation or degradation of individuals, infringe upon copyrights, conduct or participate in criminal activity, or in any way that might assist in the creati on of a hostile, discriminatory or harassing environment for other users. Harassment includes, but is not limited to, displaying or printing sexually offensive material and displaying hate literature or symbols (see Prevention of Discrimination and Harassment Policy at George Brown College). • LLC information systems and technology may not be used for personal business or commercial enterprises. • Users must not disable or circumvent any security mechanism or device that is connected to the network. Use of network mapping software is specifically prohibited. • LLC hardware and software are not to be removed, changed or reconfigured. Theft of college equipment and resources is a criminal offence that will be reported accordingly. • Passwords and other authentication credentials cannot be shared. Users should select strong passwords as a safeguard against unauthorized access to information. Users who suspect that their password has been compromised, should change their password immediately. Users who reveal their password to the Help Desk for support purposes should change it immediately. • Users are responsible for the security and safekeeping of their own information. This includes coursework and documents created in the course of academic studies at the College. Students are responsible for making their own backups and protecting their own information. Personal files are not to be stored on LLC computing resources. The College is not responsible for the loss or damage to user information under any circumstances. • Users who connect their own computing equipment to the GBC network do so at their own risk. Users are advised to utilize antivirus software and personal firewalls to protect their own machines. • .George Brown College cannot guarantee the security, privacy and confidentiality of email sent through the College network. The use of email for academic purposes is at the discretion of the Faculty in which it is used. Students should be cau tious of sending personal and private information via the college network or the Internet. Students should be aware that information that they choose to share through social networking websites may be accessible to members of the public or potential employers. Students should not post personal information that may put themselves at risk, • Users who suspect that a security incident has occurred [such as a virus outbreak, equipment theft, or the unauthorized disclosure of information] should report