antivirus software and personal firewalls to protect their own machines. • .George Brown College cannot guarantee the security, privacy and confidentiality of email sent through the College network. The use of email for academic purposes is at the discretion of the Faculty in which it is used. Students should be cau tious of sending personal and private information via the college network or the Internet. Students should be aware that information that they choose to share through social networking websites may be accessible to members of the public or potential employers. Students should not post personal information that may put themselves at risk, • Users who suspect that a security incident has occurred [such as a virus outbreak, equipment theft, or the unauthorized disclosure of information] should report it to the LLC Help Desk immediately. Please note: GBC has the right and responsibility to monitor information systems and network u sage for the purpose of making sure that it is adequately protected, available for use and not being misused. 5. Sanctions Violations of this policy will result in consequences which may include: a formal warning, loss of LLC privileges, suspension, or expulsion from the college. In some situations, such as illegal acts, the College may be required to report the activities to the Police. Sanctions for violations of the policy will be applied in accordance with the College’s Academic Policies, Nonacademic Discipline Policy and the Codes of Conduct. 6. Ontario Community College Libraries Resource SharingDirect Borrowing Agreement Principles of Agreement As long as this agreement remains in force, College staff, faculty and students may borrow in person from any Ontario College of Applied Arts and Technology Library with the following provisions: 1. Each borrower is responsible for the safe return or replacement of material borrowed or for any charges incurred. 2. Only circulating material as defined by the lending library may be borrowed. 3. Only college staff, faculty and students who are currently employed or registered are eligible to request a Direct Borrower’s card. Policies and Procedures Proof of Registration The prospective borrower must have a current identification card that has been issued to the borrower by the home college. The borrower must present this card to the circulation desk at the lending library for validation and fill out any registration forms to establish a local address. Collateral identification and/or a refundable deposit may be required. If no expiry date is shown on the home college ID, the lending library may request verification of current status. Length of Loan The initial loan period and any subsequent renewals are at the discretion of the lending library. Fines and Overdue Borrowers will be responsible for all fines incurred. The lending library may request the assistance of the home library with overdue items and fine collection. Borrowing privileges at the home library may be suspended until the obligations of the lending library have been met. Other penalties such as withholding of marks may be applied by the home library. Damaged and Lost Library Materials Borrowers are responsible for all material borrowed in their name. Lost