GENERAL POLICIES Access privileges for Library Learning Commons [LLC] users vary according to user category and are granted subject to the continued adherence to the established LLC regulations and College policy. Loan periods, borrowing privileges, and other policies are written with the intent of giving users fair access to LLC materials. In this regard, all active students, faculty members, and staff of George Brown College have priority access to Library Learning Commons’ collections with full borrowing privileges. 1.1 Requirements A borrower's card is required to sign out materials and to use reserve material in the Library Learning Commons. Fulltime students, faculty, and staff use their College photo identification card as their borrower's card. Parttime, Continuing Education and other authorized users may obtain a generic borrower’s card or buy a photo identification card from the LLC upon showing proof of registration. The card is not transferable. All borrowers are responsible for all transactions made on their borrower’s card and are subject to overdue fines and/or the payment of the full replacement costs for all lost materials and vandalism charges for damaged materials, in addition to the applicable fine. A schedule of latefees andother costs willbe postedon theLLCWebsiteand will b e updated from time to time. Borrowing privileges are suspended while fines in excess of $10 are outstanding. Transcripts may be withheld until the user’s record is cleared of fines and other outstanding charges. 1.2 Access Rights – Category of Users a) Activestudents, staff,faculty b) Active students and faculty from other colleges c) Alumni d) Retired Staff e) General Public 1.2.1 Access Rights – Students, Staff, and Faculty Students, staff, and faculty members of George Brown College have priority access to the resources housed in the Library Learning Commons. 1.2.2 Access Rights – Students of Other Colleges . George Brown College’s Library Learning Commons is currently a signatory to the Ontario Community College Libraries Resource SharingDirect Borrowing Agreement. Under this agreement staff,faculty and students who are currently employed at or registered in a program at any Ontario College of Applied Arts and Technology may borrow circulating materials on condition that the individual borrower i s responsible for the safe return of all materials borrowed or for the replacement costs and all other charges that may be incurred. 1.2.3 Access Rights – Alumni Alumni [former students who have graduated from a diploma, certificate or degree program from George Brown College] must register with the Alumni Office in order to take advantage of Library Learning Commons privileges. The Alumni Card will be required as identification for Alumni to update their Library/ Student ID for Library Learning Commons access. Alumni will haveaccess to thefollowing res ourcesfree of charge. A generic borrower card will be issued to Alumni who no longer have their student photo ID card. Alumni Privileges include: • Access to the Library’s general collections, reference materials and inlibrary use of video/DVD collections • Access to specified computers and most databases (except where licensing prohibits) upon signin each visit in order to obtain the required temporary userID. • Borrow a maximum of 2 books for the