have graduated from a diploma, certificate or degree program from George Brown College] must register with the Alumni Office in order to take advantage of Library Learning Commons privileges. The Alumni Card will be required as identification for Alumni to update their Library/ Student ID for Library Learning Commons access. Alumni will haveaccess to thefollowing res ourcesfree of charge. A generic borrower card will be issued to Alumni who no longer have their student photo ID card. Alumni Privileges include: • Access to the Library’s general collections, reference materials and inlibrary use of video/DVD collections • Access to specified computers and most databases (except where licensing prohibits) upon signin each visit in order to obtain the required temporary userID. • Borrow a maximum of 2 books for the regular 2week loan period; a maximum of 2 renewals are permitted if made in person or over the phone. • Computer printing and use of photocopiers on a cash basis Alumni Privileges exclude: Interlibrary loans • Access to the Library’s reserve and other special collections as well as 1day, 3day or 7day loan items • Access to databases using remote authentication • Wireless access 1.2.4 Access Rights – Retired Faculty and Staff Retired faculty and staff continue to have access to the Library’s resources, including borrowing privileges subject to holds placed on resources by active students, staff and faculty. Access to the Library’s research computers and most databases (except where licensing prohibits) in the Library Learning Commons is permitted upon sign-in at each visit in order to obtain a temporary user ID. 1.2.5 Access Rights – Members of the Public Users from the general public are limited to the inlibrary use of books, periodicals, magazines , and newspapers only. Use of media and reserve collections is restricted. Use of LLC computers by community users is p ermitted for the purpose of locating information for use in the LLC only. Please note that users from the general public are restricted to using only those computers that do not require a personal login that are designated for this purpose. Also note that licensing agreements preclude community access to research databases and other electronic resources. For the annual payment of an external borrower fee, members of the public may borrow up to two 14day loan items at any given time. 1.3 Use of Resources The primary use of all resources, including hardware, software, audio, video, and textual resources, isfor academic purposes. Users have the right to consult and borrow resources without prejudice. While the obligation of sharing resources is governed, in part, by College codes of conduct, information about the activities of individual borrowers – including materials used – is not released to any person, institution, or agency, except as may be required in the application of sanctions or as required in matters of law enforcement or under the provisions of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act [F.I.P.P.A] 1.4 Security Library Learning Commons staff reserve the right to request identification from any user – in particular, those users who have set off the security