a local address. Collateral identification and/or a refundable deposit may be required. If no expiry date is shown on the home college ID, the lending library may request verification of current status. Length of Loan The initial loan period and any subsequent renewals are at the discretion of the lending library. Fines and Overdue Borrowers will be responsible for all fines incurred. The lending library may request the assistance of the home library with overdue items and fine collection. Borrowing privileges at the home library may be suspended until the obligations of the lending library have been met. Other penalties such as withholding of marks may be applied by the home library. Damaged and Lost Library Materials Borrowers are responsible for all material borrowed in their name. Lost items must be reported promptly to the lending library’s circulation department. Borrowers who lose or fail to return library materials will be charged replacement costs as determined by the lending library. The borrower may also be invoiced by the lending library for library materials that were returned in a damaged condition. Sanctions The lending library may withdraw borrowing privileges from any borrower who abuses the provisions of the Direct Borrowing Agreement. All Ontario Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Libraries are participating in the Direct Borrowing Agreement as of September, 2007 7. Alumni – Terms and Conditions for Alumni use of LLC Resources • The client’s borrower card must be activated annually. • To have his/her borrower card reactivated, the client must be in good standing in order to maintain his/her borrowing privileges. A history of overdue fines, for example, will result in restrictions/limitations being placed upon the client’s privileges. • The client agrees to pay all overdue fines, replacement and other charges that have been levied for failure to return materials and for lost or damaged library materials. • The client must immediately notify the Library Learning Commons of the loss of his/ her borrower card, or of any change of address or other contact information. • The client is required to signin at the Help Desk each time [s]he wishes to use a Library Learning Commons computer – catalogue stations excepted. The client will be given a daily password and service account to login to the computer. • The client agrees to abide by all College and Library Policies including the Library Learning Commons Computer Use Policies and Guidelines and the College’s Information Technology User Policy.