This will increase the overall accessibility and facilitate student work and develop collaborative environments, upgrading the spaces that promote knowledge transfer and rigidity so that the space is defined and isolated from the noise awareness of these spaces and will help to serve as a tool for flexible, multi-functional spaces that can be accessed by students enable students to receive a quality education. In doing so, the and chaos associated with regular activity within corridors and wayfinding within the College. It also promotes activity in areas should be coupled with lounge spaces and incorporated College must strive to ensure that learning spaces are updated in associated public spaces within the College. that are already associated with high traffic and are easily throughout the College. These may also provide key programming alignment with technological advances to provide faculty, students accessed during emergency scenarios. opportunities for the Student Association. and staff with innovative educational experiences. Below are the • Classrooms should be furnished with non-fixed seating and principles that have been identified in order to establish quality desks that are designed to facilitate both traditional learning • Casual spaces - small and large, formal and informal - where • Small, flexible rooms should be equipped with the instructional and study spaces: styles and more collaborative learning styles students, faculty and staff can relax, study, meet or host appropriate technology (whiteboards, projection, etc.) so that • Classrooms should be variable in size to ensure that they can events are needed throughout the college they are adaptable to student needs be scheduled in multiple ways. A proper mix of sizes should • These spaces should be designed to host individual • Flexible spaces for study and collaboration should be Utilize the Periphery to Increase Daylighting: be developed and revised regularly based on metrics students, small groups of students and clusters of informal grouped with student lounge areas, extended library areas Numerous studies have linked daylight and access to natural light developed by each division student groups, incorporating a variety of flexible furnishings and incubator hubs to facilitate interaction with increased productivity, learning retention and general • Classrooms should be flexible so that they can adapt to that accommodate these arrangements • Collaborative study and meeting spaces should be private to satisfaction.27 Better utilizing the periphery of a building will allow ongoing changes in curriculum and college programming • Access to light, views of the City and visibility from the City minimize disruption, but transparent to promote safety and increased natural light to improve the student, faculty and staff • Plan for increased use of mobile devices and outlets by are key features that should be considered and incorporated visibility. These spaces should be located near classrooms for experience within the College. Additionally, to enable light to creating spaces that allow students to “plug-in” (e.g. power into the design of the spaces in-class group work and brainstorming sessions penetrate further into the building, spaces located along the bars, floor plugs, etc). • Incorporate flexible furniture to allow for multiple forms of periphery should utilize glass partitions where