on Block 3 popularity. To expand technology-enhanced learning within the tasks will arise as the City is constantly in flux and the College • Transitioning out of short term leased spaces • Explore co-development opportunities in East Bayfront context of George Brown College, the following initiatives should must adapt to these external factors over time to ensure that GBC • Plan long-term options within Port Lands be considered: continues to be successful in providing a quality educational • Seek a land bank campus replacement site experience. [71] [72] Vision for New Design School - By Giannone Petricone Associates CONCLUSION Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Three: Conclusion & Recommendations MOVING FORWARD... Looking forward to continued success. The last few years have seen us grow significantly, as we added several new spaces to our St. James Campus and opened a state-of- the-art Waterfront Campus, bringing new life to a previously vacant stretch of the city. We’re also a partner in the large-scale redevelopment of Toronto’s West Don Lands, the future home of our first student residence. Reclaiming and repurposing these under-utilized waterfront areas is a crucial step forward for Toronto – necessary for the City’s social and environmental sustainability – and we’re proud to play our part. As we look forward, we want our future space decisions to be even more carefully considered. We need to think about our longer-term goal to offer increased flexibility in the delivery of our programs and we need to think about the sustainability of current facilities. We also need to be very clear about which centres and programs we intend to expand. The Master Campus Plan Report provides a careful evaluation of GBC’s campuses as a whole and outlines the key activities that will assist GBC to meet future space planning needs while improving the learning environment. I am confident that we will continue to provide our students and our City with the college that they need for future success. Anne Sado President [73] [74]