GBC has beyond its existing catchment area and offer courses 24/7. developed its own unique brand of “living labs” that encourage enterprise education. Create an Intuitive Online Campus Portal for Students Building off of the recent completion of a GBC mobile application, GBC needs to complement its physical space requirements with a Leverage Field Placement Initiatives to Establish more intuitive online portal. This online portal should enable External Learning Spaces students to access up-to-date information regarding physical Establishing and encouraging experiential learning through field space scheduling and encourage interaction between students by placement and industry partnerships can help augment the linking to existing social media platforms. physical space requirements of the College. George Brown has placed emphasis on the inclusion of field placement into programs Streamline Student Services GBC virtual model of 200 King St. East in recent years. In 2013-2014, GBC met the target of offering field Using the online campus portal, student services can be education in 80% of qualifying programs., which allow students to streamlined to enhance the educational experience and augment develop skills in a workplace setting. Over the next few years, this physical space requirements. Extended services may also be number is intended to reach 100%. In doing so, this also provides offered as plug-ins to a virtual platform, similar to applications for significant opportunities to establish external learning spaces that mobile devices. These can help target specific college are embedded in industry and enable students to receive more of demographics and complement the physical environment of the their education within the environment they will be a part of once College. they graduate. This can increase the success of graduates and promote enhanced industry connectedness while reducing Build a Virtual Campus demand for space from the College. Creating a virtual campus for GBC can establish a new model of education that aligns with trends indicating that the popularity of online learning is rising. Virtual learning can reach new markets Leverage Partnerships with Academic Institutions and and educate a population outside GBC’s typical demographic Industry Partners to Establish Shared Facilities profile. As the College seeks to expand partnerships with both other Academic institutions and Industry partners, shared facilities can This can be created utilizing gaming engines to develop a provide new opportunities to augment the College’s spatial needs. state-of-the-art online and mobile campus that replicates the This includes both academic and non-academic spaces as labs experience of attending GBC physically. that are used only sporadically can serve two institutions and industry partners more efficiently. Jamie Oliver teaching GBC students GBC virtual model of the waterfront built for Waterfront Toronto [67] [68] CONCLUSION & RECOMMENDATIONS SECTION 3 This section provides recommendations for ensuring the successful implementation of the Master Campus Strategy and improving the student experience both in the short and long term. GBC is committed to the continual improvement of the College’s physical assets and this section provides a broad framework for moving forward. SECTION 3: RECOMMENDATIONS Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Three: Conclusion & Recommendations RECOMMENDATIONS Implementing the Master Campus Strategy. It