facilitate better flow and increase user awareness of circulation • Specific initiatives, such as the elimination of the alpha- within the building, vertical circulation points should be visible numeric system for room designation at 200 King St. E. from horizontal corridors, and vice-versa. Greater hierarchy should be considered to reduce confusion for future students between circulation points should also be established. • Align space planning initiatives with the ongoing wayfinding strategy that is being developed both internally & externally • All horizontal corridors should lead to vertical circulation • Increase the visibility of academic departments by creating points to increase awareness of building orientation and flow standards for interior space design and furnishings to • A clear hierarchy for circulation should be established and establish a clear identity for each of the core academic complemented by other aforementioned principles to divisions increase visual identity and user orientation within the building • Utilize signage and wayfinding to assist users with directions between interior spaces through digital or axonometric signage Glazing at the Waterfront Campus connects the campus to the city & improves wayfinding [61] [62] GOAL 4: AUGMENTED & ALTERNATIVE DELIVERY Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Two: Key Goals & Strategies EXPLORE AUGMENTED & ALTERNATIVE DELIVERY Embracing the role of technology in education In the context of evolving technologies, improved teaching GBC should remain aware of the expanding role of technology methodologies and changing student cohorts, the needs of the within institutions and be strategically opportunistic in regards to “THE NEXT HALF-CENTURY OF EDUCATION College cannot be met exclusively by creating additional spaces technology adoption. With many efforts to transform the delivery for learning. To reach the recommended Ontario College standard of education in their preliminary stages of development, it is of 100 GSF/FTE, GBC would require an additional 693,595 GSF of unclear of their potential impact on space. As these emerging INNOVATION IS BEING SHAPED RIGHT NOW. AFTER functional space to support the current student population. technologies take root it should become more clear what GBC Additionally, with GBC planned enrolment growth of 37.8% by should invest in. It is essential that the College update this section 2017, this would require an additional 263,600 GSF to of the document every three years to remain competitive and DECADES OF YAMMERING ABOUT ‘REFORM’ WITH accommodate new students, faculty and staff. ahead of the advancing technologies. In the current fiscal climate and considering GBC’s geographical MORE AND MORE MONEY SPENT ON DECLINING location, the reality of meeting these needs using a traditional approach of exclusively building more physical space is u im n p su e s ra ta ti i v n e a b th le a t in G t B h C e l l o e n ve g r -t a e g r e m i . t s B p e h c y a s u i s c e a l o s f p t a h c e e s e to r e o a ff l