accessibility for students. On promote cross-pollination, and greater accessibility the other hand, privacy is also required to minimize external • Private space within the core should be created to distraction and disturbance to enable a functional workplace: accommodate service uses that require privacy e.g. student affairs counseling services • Typical faculty offices should implement the appropriate balance of transparency and privacy both internally and externally. Use of materials, finishes and furnishings can Cluster & Organize Academic Departments: assist in developing this balance. Though limited space in the past may have prevented the proper • Special consideration should be given to services and faculty organization and clustering of faculty and academic departments, that have specific privacy requirements (e.g. student affairs, there is now an opportunity to better organize these spaces, for assessment centre, etc.) example: Private Counseling Room • Faculty spaces should be organized to facilitate the clustering of academic divisions and promote faculty collaboration • These spaces should be organized to increase accessibility to the student population and to allow for transparency while also providing dedicated private space for confidential matters Creating a diversity of private, semi-private and public spaces [55] [56] GOAL 3: STRATEGY THREE Strategy Three: ENHANCE CONNECTIONS TO Promote Incubation Opportunities: Provide Enterprise Education Facilities & Opportunities Create Visual Transparency at Grade: As the College seeks to drive innovation and become a catalyst As George Brown seeks to expand enterprise education and field To enhance the presence and accessibility of the College within COMMUNITY & INDUSTRY for economic development within Toronto and Canada, GBC placement opportunities in all divisions, it is essential to provide the City, an effort should be made to increase the transparency of recently introduced a series of incubation spaces aimed at appropriate spaces that facilitate its growth. These spaces should built form at grade. This will increase the permeability of the THROUGH BUILT FORM: supporting entrepreneurial development and encouraging allow students to acquire on-the-job experience, promote College, enhance its relationship with the surrounding collaboration between students, industry and faculty. These partnership and collaboration and address the needs of the neighborhood and improve the identity of the college by Further enhancing social and industry connections can be spaces do not have large spatial footprints and are meant to college, community and industry. showcasing activity within GBC facilities. achieved by enhancing the built form as GBC develops new provide entrepreneurs with space that is connected to the spaces and alters existing ones. This is a crucial element of the resources required to foster success, while encouraging growth • Medium and large event space should be available to host • Increased permeability and transparency is focused around planning principles that will enable the College to continue to play and development of small to medium sized businesses. college events, community assemblies and industry main entry points and areas of interest to promote more a major role in the economic and social development of the City meetings welcoming and exciting buildings that showcase the activity and maintain its reputation as a city builder. This may also afford • Locate incubation