to the east. With unique 104 GSF/FTE architectural qualities and an abundance of public space within the immediate context, this new facility significantly enhances the urban realm and provides vitality to an area of the City that was previously inactive. Health Sciences Facility TTC Bus Routes Main Pedestrian Paths Cycling Paths FACILITY DESCRIPTION: Waterfront Campus - Interior Known as the Centre for Health Sciences, this facility is dedicated to the Health Sciences programs offered at GBC. The facility is purpose-built to emphasize an inter-professional team-based education, the new standard for health-care graduates entering the work force. From an aesthetic point of view, this new campus is equipped with informal learning spaces, rooftop terraces, state-of-the-art labs and a strong connection to the water’s edge to the south and a beautiful park to the east. More practically, it is a campus built to foster emerging themes in health care delivery in Ontario. Health and wellness clinics have been incorporated into the design to provide students with access to real clients so they can practice their skills in a controlled, safe environment. Similarly, this engages the local community, who benefit from students who are learning from and supervised by industry professionals, while offering affordable, quality services. Waterfront Campus - 51 Dockside Dr. Waterfront Campus - Main Entry / Lobby 06. "Waterfront Vision." . Waterfront Toronto, 2013. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.waterfrontoronto.ca/our_waterfront_vision>. 07. “Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability Report.” . Waterfront Toronto, 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://sr.waterfrontoronto.ca/>. [19] [20] WATERFRONT CAMPUS CONTEXT WATERFRONT Cost of construction and design The development of new buildings at the waterfront is more CAMPUS CHALLENGES costly due to requirements for LEED Gold Certification and submission to design review.09 Below are the key challenges facing the Waterfront Campus: Timelines for planning Connection with the City fabric: Programming, planning, design, approvals and construction can Located in an area that is currently under rapid transformation, a take years and may delay growth or expansion in the immediate greater connection with the city fabric needs to be developed over future. These timelines may be further complicated by time. Key public infrastructure is currently in planning and environmental regulations and strict approval processes that are construction phases and most of the area’s planned buildings are associated with development along the waterfront. not yet constructed. Land ownership & planned uses: Lack of GBC public amenities: While a large portion of the waterfront lands (including land in Currently the Waterfront Campus lacks amenities such as housing, East Bayfront, West Don Lands, Lower Don Lands & Port Lands) sports facilities, restaurants, shops, etc. are owned by the City itself, preliminary planning has predetermined much of the land use within the waterfront area as Environmental remediation: well as the parties responsible for overseeing development.10 Due to the previous industrial uses that were located along the This is especially true in the East Bayfront and West Don Lands waterfront, land is heavily contaminated and requires remediation communities where the majority of lands available for prior to construction. This has cost and time implications and can development are already planned in