IT HAS ALREADY ATTRACTED to enhance the educational experience. Trends in online learning, aligning with the rapid expansion of mobile computing platforms, and wireless accessibility are influencing the way academic MORE THAN 4 MILLION STUDENT SIGN-UPS.” 29 spaces are being used. Enhanced wireless systems capabilities and spaces that support the charging of these devices are already being incorporated into flagship academic spaces and should be George Anders - Forbes Magazine expanded in alignment with efforts to decentralize library services and incorporate additional student spaces. Screen capture of the GBC mobile application 29. Anders, George. “Coursera Hits 4 Million Students -- And Triples Its Funding.” . Forbes, 10 July 2013. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/ 30. Noer, Michael. “One Man, One Computer, 10 Million Students: How Khan Academy Is Reinventing Education.” . Forbes, 19 Nov. 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. georgeanders/2013/07/10/coursera-hits-4-million-students-and-triples-its-funding/>. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelnoer/2012/11/02/one-man-one-computer-10-million-students-how-khan-academy-is-reinventing-education/>. [65] [66] GOAL 4: STRATEGIES 3 & 4 UTILIZE THE CITY AS AN ALIGN THE VIRTUAL Expand Enterprise Educational Models GBC has excelled at supporting enterprise educational models EXTENDED CLASSROOM & BUILT CAMPUS that provide unique services to the community while promoting placement opportunities for students that enable them to gain real Part of the learning experience at George Brown College revolves experience prior to entering the workforce. Existing enterprises To extend George Brown College’s offerings in e-learning, around direct involvement with the public and industry. Students such as the Chefs’ House, eight daycare centres, personal training investments must be made to offer more programs online and at the Young Centre for the Performing Arts are entertaining live and dental care are successful models that align with the applied create an intuitive online portal for students. This needs to provide audiences, while students from CHCA prepare and serve fresh focus of GBC while offsetting the operational costs of resource a unique educational experience that aligns with the College’s meals at the Chef’s House. GBC students are not only learning intensive programs. physical offerings in order to provide a more applied educational the skills required in their field of study, but also applying them experience online. The benefits of mirroring the physical space and contributing to the economic and social systems in the City of with virtual spaces can be significant, allowing GBC to extend Toronto. This trend is known as experiential learning and GBC has beyond its existing catchment area and offer courses 24/7. developed its own unique brand of “living labs” that encourage enterprise education. Create an Intuitive Online Campus Portal for Students Building off of the recent completion of a GBC mobile application, GBC needs to complement its physical space requirements with a Leverage Field Placement Initiatives to Establish more intuitive online portal. This online portal should enable External Learning Spaces students to access up-to-date information regarding physical Establishing and encouraging experiential learning through field space scheduling and encourage interaction between students by placement and industry partnerships can help augment the linking to existing social media platforms. physical space requirements of the College. George Brown has placed emphasis on the inclusion of field placement into programs Streamline Student Services