Master Campus Plan is an opportunity to imagine the planning based on the following four Strategic Principles: ---- POSSIBILITIES. WE DESIGN future design of the College and to lay out options for the These four Strategic Principles work together to help establish a development of its campuses over the next 15-20 years. This framework that will guide GBC in determining the following: exercise was designed to allow George Brown College to: Grow With the City THIS WELL AND THE WHOLE • How George Brown College can intensify to create more Identify a territory for expansion, as well as land and space • Imagine the space needs of the college to accommodate vibrant and integrated campus precincts acquisition options, to accommodate GBC student growth (i.e. growth and the changing needs of students, faculty and staff building purchases, land bank exploration, co-development • How George Brown College should plan renovations and/or WORLD CHANGES.” 01 • Establish a set of principles that will guide space planning, opportunities, and additions). This should be explored in parallel new buildings to enhance the quality of learning design and delivery and act as a blueprint for ongoing and with capital funding, private/public partnerships and Section 37 • How George Brown College should embrace augmented and future planning funding opportunities. Align expansion with growth of the City of alternative delivery methods to remain a leader in applied Sandy Speicher, IDEO • Engage key stakeholders (students, Board of Governors, Toronto and the Province of Ontario Smart Growth Plan to post-secondary education administration, faculty, support staff, community members, leverage private and public sector investment in capital projects. • Where and how much extra space George Brown College local business, etc.) in an inclusive, open and participatory must secure in the next 15-20 years process to shape GBC’s future campus planning initiatives Create Complete Campus Ecosystems Define campus ecosystems that enhance learning, stimulate • Ensure the College remains a key contributor to the success partnerships and applied research, and afford innovative learning of Toronto and the Greater Toronto Hamilton Area (GTHA) opportunities for students by creating “complete” academic “OUR CORE OBJECTIVE environments. Integrate these precincts into their city districts, An effective and operationalized Master Campus Plan will also extending learning into the City and industry into the classroom help the College meet its Strategy 2020 objectives and improve its to allow for living, learning and working 24/7. Increase the identity long-term planning and operations by: IS TO PUT THE NEEDS OF and presence of the College by establishing signature urban • Guiding the creation of quality facilities and effective learning features and vibrant public spaces. environments CURRENT AND FUTURE • Facilitating greater connections with the existing urban Co-develop Collaborative & Energizing Buildings community and industry partners Increase the quality of buildings and academic environments by creating open and permeable buildings that improve spatial • Attracting the most capable faculty and staff to support our STUDENTS FIRST.” relationships, flexibility, collaboration, well-being, service diverse students in their success leadership and efficiency. Ensure that these buildings speak to the • Positioning the College as an innovator