Two: Key Goals & Strategies CREATE COMPLETE CAMPUS ECOSYSTEMS Fostering a holistic academic experience With three major campus locations within the City of Toronto, it is important to define campus precincts that enhance learning, stimulate partnerships and applied research, and afford “CONNECTIVITY SHOULD BE A opportunities for students by creating complete and balanced academic environments where living, learning and working are possible. By creating complete academic precincts, GBC aims to KEY THEME OF FUTURE SPACE enhance the identity and presence of each campus within the City of Toronto. Campus precincts should provide opportunities for students to learn, work, play and connect while leveraging the PLANNING. BY CONNECTING urban activity in the City. As George Brown College continues to invest within Toronto’s FACULTY, STUDENTS, STAFF AND downtown core, it is essential to reconsider the campuses as a holistic network of facilities that accommodate student life. With an emphasis on creating an “urban” college experience, the COMMUNITY MEMBERS, GBC College will seek further integration into the urban realm while enhancing connectivity to the City and between facilities. Open to CAN CREATE MORE COMPLETE opportunities that will arise from new partnerships, GBC facilities will accommodate growing space needs and foster new academic opportunities. ACADEMIC ENVIRONMENTS.” A specific emphasis should be placed on space needs associated with living and much needed amenities, which the College is - College Charrette Participant currently lacking. With the first GBC residence set to open in 2016, aligned with a partnership with YMCA, GBC can use this as Vision of a Complete Academic Precinct: a model of success to forge similar partnerships that will enhance This reflects an urban vision of a complete academic precinct where the College is embedded into the City and industry. the student experience. George Brown College Space Retail & Service Space Residences / Condominiums Office & Industry Space Athletic Amenities Public Space [45] [46] GOAL 2: STRATEGY ONE & TWO Strategy One: Strategy Two: INTEGRATE STUDY ESTABLISH A Create Attractive Urban Environments that Emphasize Pedestrian Oriented Design Principles: & EMPLOYMENT: SENSE OF PLACE: Increased pedestrianization of the urban fabric and the introduction of street furniture can significantly enhance public With an emphasis on placed-based educational models, George To create a more unified precinct within Toronto, George Brown spaces in proximity to College facilities. By investing in the urban Brown College has established targets to become a leader in field College will seek to create an enhanced sense of place that fabric, GBC will not only enhance its presence within the placement. GBC will continue to pursue this educational model distinguishes the College within the urban realm and enhances community, it can also enhance connections to existing and increase integration with industry partners, which augments the user experience. transportation nodes, green spaces, cultural destinations and GBC space for education throughout the City of Toronto. facilitate movement between facilities. There are a number of Creating spaces that are permeable, welcoming and inviting will opportunities for improvement at each campus, and with a By creating learning and doing spaces that better connect promote a strong pride of place that