Five: PROMOTE INTUITIVE SJA Floor 6, 7 & 8 were renovated to improve flow & vision to vertical circulation points Enhance Vision & Connection to the City Fenestration in key circulation areas provides views to the city to WAYFINDING & CIRCULATION facilitate flow and wayfinding. Simutaneously, this increases user awareness of location and orientation within the building and the Wayfinding and circulation within facilities and campuses is key to greater context of the City. improving the student experience, particularly in older facilities that have been developed over time and lack clear vertical and • Main corridors, including vertical and horizontal circulation horizontal circulation routes. Efforts must be made to ensure points should provide access to views of the City wayfinding and circulation remains intuitive and enables simple • Main access points of facilities should align with grade and navigation of college facilities and campuses for students, faculty, feature glazing to promote welcoming and inviting access staff and visitors. points Minimize & Eliminate Dead-End Corridors Improve Signage & Visual Identity To increase circulation, flow and wayfinding within existing While the new campuses have been consistent in incorporating buildings and dead-end corridors should be eliminated. All new George Brown College’s identity into the signage and visual facilities should also avoid the creation of dead-end corridors by identity of the internal and external environment, the older utilizing the following strategies: campuses require updating. As small renovations continue to happen at both St. James and Casa Loma, it is essential to invest • All horizontal corridors should lead to vertical circulation and in updated signage, finishes and furnishing to help carry GBC’s orientation points within the campus, increasing wayfinding identity throughout the College and improve wayfinding. within facilities • If and when dead end corridors are impossible to avoid, they • Increased/improved signage should be used to encourage Core Vertical Circulation Typical Student Flow - Horizontal Corridor should be associated with other uses and services, or and promote better wayfinding within the College provide views to the city (e.g. dead end corridors lead to • Wayfinding and signage should be simplified for ease of student spaces) understanding • Increased use of colour can be applied to interior details, corresponding with the existing brand to help facilitate Visible Circulation from Corridors wayfinding and user awareness within the College To facilitate better flow and increase user awareness of circulation • Specific initiatives, such as the elimination of the alpha- within the building, vertical circulation points should be visible numeric system for room designation at 200 King St. E. from horizontal corridors, and vice-versa. Greater hierarchy should be considered to reduce confusion for future students between circulation points should also be established. • Align space planning initiatives with the ongoing wayfinding strategy that is being developed both internally & externally • All horizontal corridors should lead to vertical circulation • Increase the visibility of academic departments by creating points to increase awareness of building orientation and flow standards for interior space design and furnishings to • A clear hierarchy for circulation should be established and establish a clear identity