Create Flexible Academic Spaces functioning of social and economic systems, it is essential to mobile networks are enhanced, hybrid learning is becoming Flexible academic spaces that can be used for more than one remain at the forefront of ICT systems advancement and to plan increasingly prevalent. This aligns with GBC’s Strategy 2020 to be purpose are essential to promote innovation in educational for and support networked campuses. This means new and responsive and committed to exploring new course delivery delivery and allow for the optimization of spaces throughout the existing spaces should be able to support smart building systems methods, and will affect the design and planning of spaces. College. Flexibility in both form and function are necessary. The and communications technology to support the evolution of Physical space requirements will need to accommodate smart form of the classroom can be adaptable to suit the size, academic environments and patterns in wireless computing. technologies and flexible spaces that are adaptable to meet the orientation and organizational needs of faculty to enhance the needs of individual learners, collaborative work experiences and learning experience. The functional requirements of specific Spaces to support some of these systems will be required in new group learning. The virtual environment will also require updating classes can be met by using integrated technology and modular and renovated spaces, while additional efforts should be made to to provide new platforms to engage students and collect data to furniture systems that can be rearranged and combined based on update older systems that are obsolete. Cloud computing is one enhance the student experience and success. By introducing stakeholder requirements. The evolving role of professors away of a number of trends that will impact teaching and learning, and more hybrid learning environments, this may also provide from being “sages on the stage” to becoming facilitators of peer should be planned for. This means planning increased data storage opportunities for space efficiency and effectiveness. learning groups allows for new classroom typologies. and reducing some physical space requirements. Support the use of Technology Assisted Learning Devices “COURSERA [AN MOOC DELIVERY PLATFORM] IS LESS While GBC is committed to providing an applied, hands-on learning experience that separates it from other institutions, it is essential to understand and embrace the role technology can play THAN 2 YEARS OLD, YET IT HAS ALREADY ATTRACTED to enhance the educational experience. Trends in online learning, aligning with the rapid expansion of mobile computing platforms, and wireless accessibility are influencing the way academic MORE THAN 4 MILLION STUDENT SIGN-UPS.” 29 spaces are being used. Enhanced wireless systems capabilities and spaces that support the charging of these devices are already being incorporated into flagship academic spaces and should be George Anders - Forbes Magazine expanded in alignment with efforts to decentralize library services and incorporate additional student spaces. Screen capture of the GBC mobile application 29. Anders, George. “Coursera Hits 4 Million Students -- And Triples Its Funding.” . Forbes, 10 July 2013. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.forbes.com/sites/ 30. Noer, Michael. “One Man, One Computer, 10 Million Students: How Khan Academy Is