& ENERGIZED BUILDINGS Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Two: Key Goals & Strategies CREATE COLLABORATIVE & ENERGIZED BUILDINGS Promoting welcoming, diverse & exciting spaces As a leading post-secondary institution locally, nationally and internationally, it is essential that the College continues to increase the quality of educational spaces to enhance the student experience. The College’s facilities should align with this vision of “BY CREATING MORE BALANCED a commitment to excellence in teaching, applied learning, and innovation while reflecting the passion, energy and commitment of the GBC academic community. ACADEMIC ENVIRONMENTS AND To create buildings that promote collaboration and instill energy and life into the academic experience, five key ingredients have PROMOTING WELLNESS, GBC been identified: • Create Quality Instructional & Study Spaces CAN ENCOURAGE BRILLIANCE, • Establish Exceptional Service Spaces for Staff & Students • Enhance GBC’s Connection to Community & Industry Through Built Form INCREASING THE PRODUCTIVITY • Enhance Identity, Presence & Clarity • Create Welcoming, Safe & Lively Spaces AND ENERGY OF STUDENTS” These ingredients provide opportunities for significant space improvements and a number of detailed space planning principles have been established within each category. These principles - College Charrette Participant were established based on multiple stakeholder consultations through charrettes. These principles will be applied to future space planning initiatives to envision and inspire the creation of ideal College facilities that benefit multiple stakeholders. GBC’s new Residence will be directly connected to a YMCA promoting a balanced student life - Photo from CanaryDistrict.com [51] [52] GOAL 3: STRATEGY ONE Strategy One: QUALITY INSTRUCTIONAL & Create Flexible Classrooms: Allow for Student Spaces at Focal Points of Circulation: Improve Access to Flexible Spaces for Study, Collaboration, George Brown College offers a diverse range of programs It is essential to introduce new, functional and accessible student and Other Programming Opportunities: STUDY SPACES: requiring classrooms that can adapt to ongoing changes in spaces college-wide. In doing so, student spaces should be While increasing student-dedicated spaces, it is important to have curriculum, class size, teaching style, and programming changes. introduced at the focal points of vertical and horizontal circulation an appropriate mix of lounge, study and collaborative spaces. To To excel as an institution, it is essential that the College focus on Conversely, classrooms must balance this flexibility with enough and at entries. This will increase the overall accessibility and facilitate student work and develop collaborative environments, upgrading the spaces that promote knowledge transfer and rigidity so that the space is defined and isolated from the noise awareness of these spaces and will help to serve as a tool for flexible, multi-functional spaces that can be accessed by students enable students to receive a quality education. In doing so, the and chaos associated with regular activity within corridors and wayfinding within the College. It also promotes activity in areas should be coupled with lounge spaces and incorporated College must strive to ensure that learning spaces are updated in associated public spaces within the College. that are already associated with high traffic and are easily throughout the College. These may also provide