1,039 (Split between SJE & SJH) cafeteria, and the Library Learning Commons (LLC), which acts as With 22,803 GSF of space, this leased facility is home to the intensification areas as specified by the Growth Plan for the Hospitality & Culinary Arts: 3,880 the main library for the St. James Campus. Marketing & Communications Department, Alumni Office, George Greater Golden Horseshoe (GGH), and Toronto’s official plan.03 Business: 4,724 Brown College Foundation and Academic Excellence. GBC Community Services: 1,781 Building ‘B’ (300 Adelaide St. East) occupies space on the second floor of this building. The two primary spines of the St. James Campus are Frederick Access & Liberal Studies: 1,769 The Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts (SJB), is located St., which runs north-south and King St. East, which runs directly north of SJA, fronting Adelaide St. After undergoing a Building ‘G’ (193 King St. East) east-west . Nearly all of the facilities that make up the St. James major in-fill addition and interior renovation completed in 2008, This building was acquired by George Brown College and OVERALL SPACE PER Campus are located along these two spines with the exception of this building significantly enhanced George Brown College’s retrofitted to provide a new home for the School of Makeup & SJE (School of Design), however it can be accessed by a presence within the area by creating a recognizable campus Esthetics, and administrative offices for the Continuing Education STUDENT RATIO: pedestrian path which runs along the west side of SJB & SJC. landmark at the north-end of Frederick St. Showcasing state-of- division. Adding 20,127 GSF to the St. James portfolio, this is one These spines are centred around SJA (200 King St. East), which the-art learning environments and George Brown College students of the College’s newest facilities. With an enhanced façade acts as the nodal facility of this campus as it encompasses many 60 GSF/FTE in action, this facility has a clear presence on Adelaide St. East fronting onto King St. and state-of-the-art interior space, this adds of the important college services that are accessed by students and establishes a distinct connection to the existing urban fabric. a unique component to the St. James Campus and further from all academic divisions. The core academic divisions that increases the College’s presence along King St. East. utilize this campus include: Business, Arts & Design, Hospitality & Building ‘C’ (290 Adelaide St. East) Culinary Arts, Community Services, International & Immigrant St. James Building ‘C’ is adjoined to the Centre for Hospitality and Building ‘H’ (341 King St. East) Education, and Preparatory & Liberal Studies. Culinary Arts. With no actual frontage on Adelaide St., this facility As one of the most recent additions to George Brown College, is hidden from any major arterial access routes with its main entry this newly renovated leased space provides an additional 93,416 located along a small pedestrian path to the west of 300 Adelaide GSF and accommodates growth for the Game Design and ESL that runs north-south, providing a connecting path from Adelaide programs. Opened to students in September 2011, George