of entry to this facility and connecting it to the rest of the CN rail lines to the south, Bathurst St. to the west and Avenue Rd this building sits vacant after the opening of the Waterfront core campus clustering. to the east.12 Campus in September, 2012. With 65,232 GSF of space, this Functional Student Space: 583,700 SF (Buildings C, D & E) facility provides an excellent opportunity to accommodate and/or CLE (146 Kendal Avenue): Evolving over time to meet increasing demands for growth and to Vacant & Administrative Space: 90,400 SF stage growth while its long term use is being explored. Building E, located at the northwest corner of Kendal Ave. and suit the programming needs of GBC, the Casa Loma campus is a (Buildings B & F) Bridgman Ave., is the most recent addition to the Casa Loma collection of five facilities located within one major block. These CLC (160 Kendal Avenue): Campus. It is also the first academic building that is approached facilities include: Total FTE Students Served: 5,390 Casa Loma Building C is the largest facility within the campus at when accessing the campus via the Dupont Subway station. Its Arts (Jewellery, Fashion & Dance): 924 373,658 GSF and hosts a variety of educational spaces including largely glazed facade with multiple entrances establishes George Building B – 175 Kendal Ave. Construction & Engineering Technology: 4,466 classrooms, lecture halls, dance studios, gemology labs and Brown’s presence in the area making it a landmark in an Building C – 160 Kendal Ave. functional heavy-duty labs in the lower levels. Many amenities are otherwise residential area. Consisting of classrooms, computer Building D – 1 Dartnell Ave. included within this facility as well, including a daycare centre, labs, lecture halls, offices, food services, circulation space and OVERALL SPACE PER Building E – 146 Kendal Ave. gymnasium, athletics centre, fitness studio, the Library Learning Student Association space, this facility has a GSF of 123,363. Building F – 500 McPherson Ave. Commons, the campus’ main cafeteria as well as the Student STUDENT RATIO: Service Centre. The building’s official main entrance, which was CLF (500 Macpherson Avenue): Buildings C, D and E make up the main educational facilities while once the main entrance to the campus, is located adjacent to The smallest facility at Casa Loma (25,217 GSF), Building F is Building F houses administration staff and Building ‘B’ is currently Kendal Ave. However, it is located on the third floor atop a large located at the northeast corner of Kendal Ave. and Macpherson 125 GSF/FTE vacant. Additionally, Buildings C, D and E are interconnected and staircase and is significantly set back from the road, having very Ave. It is comprised entirely of offices utilized by administrative developed within the block of land that is defined by Davenport little street presence. Many recent and ongoing renovations have and support staff (e.g. Finance, Human Resources, Office of the Rd., Kendal Ave., Bridgman Ave., and Dartnell Ave. This major taken place in Building C as part of campus improvement Registrar, and Archives). Although the building is located