a city builder to spur redevelopment. GBC should become more strategic in leveraging its positive impact on our three - SMC Charrette Participant neighborhoods to secure land, development options and Section View of the City of Toronto and Pan-Am Village / Amenities 37 entitlements that will enhance our campuses and facilitate our GBC can aim to utilize the Pan-Am athletic amenities after the games conclude in July, 2015. growth, as laid out in the City of Toronto’s Official Plan. 14. “Toronto leads urban population growth.” . The Canadian Press, 8 Feb. 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/toronto-leads-urban- population-growth-1.1287051>. [35] [36] GOAL 1: STRATEGY ONE Strategy One: SECURE LAND OPTIONS Explore Co-Development options on Blocks 1, 2 & 3 and Adjacent Sites within the East Bayfront Precinct: ALIGNED WITH CITY The Daniels Corporation, Great Gulf and Hines are leading BLOCK 3 OPPORTUNITY development in the vicinity of the Waterfront Campus.16 There is INTENSIFICATION ZONES an opportunity for GBC to seek strategic co-development partnerships that will allow for the development of much needed There are five major growth centres within the City of Toronto that student spaces and amenities that will help enhance the overall have been targeted for major intensification and investment:15 student experience. • North York Centre Securing options for development in proximity to the Sherbourne Common which includes the potential development of Blocks 1, 2 • Yonge-Eglinton Centre & 3, would provide positive results for both George Brown College • Etobicoke City Centre and the East Bayfront community. A new residence in the area • Scarborough City Centre will provide much needed amenities for the neighborhood while • Downtown Toronto and Central Waterfront accommodating additional GBC students. Furthermore, there are opportunities to establish partnerships with local developers and George Brown College will focus on the Downtown Toronto and landowners to enable GBC students, faculty and staff to gain WATERFRONT CAMPUS Central Waterfront Growth centre, where the majority of GBC’s access to available amenities in the area which can be shared with physical infrastructure is already located (including St. James the community. Campus, Waterfront Campus, Young Theatre for the Performing Vision / Rendering of the East Bayfront Community by Watefront Toronto Arts and Ryerson Campus). This aligns with the major GBC Campuses in Context of the Downtown & Waterfront Growth Centre intensification of the Waterfront that is planned over the next 30 Develop the Design Centre for the Smart Economy in years, and will position George Brown College as an integral city Partnership with OCADU: builder. GBC has shown interest in developing a new facility will focus on “GBC CAMPUSES BRING VITALITY CASA LOMA PRECINCT programs in Design, Digital Media, Information and Communication Technologies (ICT), and mass customization of Explore Land Opportunities within the Pan-Am products and services. This aligns with the Waterfront vision of a TO NEIGHBOURHOODS... WHEN THE & Downtown Waterfront Growth District: technology enhanced community and therefore development Having already established a presence within the downtown options should be explored to accommodate this opportunity. waterfront communities with the new Health Sciences Facility CITY SOUGHT TO REVITALIZE TWO and Residence