“WHEN COMPANIES AND Institutions to Secure Provincial Funding Work with Waterfront Toronto to Establish First Rights The Province of Ontario is seeking enhanced pathways for for Development Opportunities graduates through increased academic partnerships and George [INSTITUTIONS] WORK IN GBC will continue to work with Waterfront Toronto to establish Brown College has made this a priority moving forward.25 GBC is first rights for expansion opportunities as intensification efforts already working to establish partnerships with other universities in continue over the next few decades. This builds on the recent Ontario while enhancing existing partnerships. This provides TANDEM TO PUSH THE FRONTIERS success of the Health Science facility, which acted as a catalyst unique opportunities to create new spaces and obtain alternative for further investment within the East Bayfront Community. sources of funding. OF KNOWLEDGE, THEY BECOME Exercising this option will provide GBC with the opportunity to Creating co-developed spaces with other academic institutions continue its growth within the Downtown Centre and Waterfront will enable cross pollination between applied and theoretical intensification zone, while aligning itself with transit development educational models, and provide new amenities to enhance the A POWERFUL ENGINE FOR as highlighted in strategy three. Facilitating community growth, student experience. This will also enable students to more fluidly this will provide GBC with additional opportunities for co- transfer between College and University programs to enhance INNOVATION AND ECONOMIC development and alternative funding models that will assist to pathways for success, while providing a stream of graduates that achieve the additional space required based on increases in have unique skillsets to contribute to the emerging creative enrolment. This may also provide staging opportunities that are economy. Community institutions should also be engaged to GROWTH.” needed as some of GBC’s facilities reach the end of their create synergies with academic programming offered by the infrastructure lifecycles and require either significant upgrades or College. This can assist in creating more complete communities in reconsideration of long term use. alignment with municipal planning initiatives. - Science Business Innovation Board, 2013 Preliminary rendering of Waterfront Campus & connection to Block 3 25. “Making Industry-University Partnerships Work: Lessons from Successful Collaborations.” . Science | Business Innovation Board, 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http:// www.sciencebusiness.net/assets/94fe6d15-5432-4cf9-a656-633248e63541.pdf>. [43] [44] GOAL 2: COMPLETE ACADEMIC COMMUNITIES Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Two: Key Goals & Strategies CREATE COMPLETE CAMPUS ECOSYSTEMS Fostering a holistic academic experience With three major campus locations within the City of Toronto, it is important to define campus precincts that enhance learning, stimulate partnerships and applied research, and afford “CONNECTIVITY SHOULD BE A opportunities for students by creating complete and balanced academic environments where living, learning and working are possible. By creating complete academic precincts, GBC aims to KEY THEME OF FUTURE SPACE enhance the identity and presence of each campus within the City of Toronto. Campus precincts should provide opportunities for students to learn, work, play and connect while leveraging the PLANNING. BY CONNECTING urban activity in the City. As George Brown College continues to invest within Toronto’s FACULTY, STUDENTS, STAFF AND downtown core, it