over the next 15-20 years: Toronto to ensure that investment is made in public furniture, GBC is currently behind other Colleges in Ontario when it comes • Building B short-term retrofit proper lighting, wayfinding, signage, etc. Below are some to residences and amenities that are accessible to students. This • Building D renovations initiatives that should be considered to improve public spaces is directly attributable to GBC’s location within a dense urban core. St. James Campus Improvement • Building C athletic amenities improvement associated with the College: However, efforts should be made to create new residences and St. James campus must be improved through strategic • Casa Loma Campus life-cycle analysis amenities available to students through co-development and investment to accommodate growing programs such as Business, • 500 MacPherson long-term revitalization strategy • Seek approval for the pedestrianization of Frederick St. partnership opportunities. Space planning initiatives can include: and Hospitality & Culinary Arts, while improving space for • Create common elements and public furniture that can divisions that have more consistent enrolment numbers (e.g. enhance spaces at each of the GBC campuses • Seek post Pan-Am Athletes‘ Village site partnerships to Community Services). As the main Campus of GBC this should be Waterfront Expansion • Explore land options that are related to public space enable student use of athletic facilities re-established as a central hub for students, making key services Waterfront opportunities are arising as the East Bayfront moves development • Partner with developers to create additional residences more accessible. Specific projects that should be considered for toward completion along with the Pan-Am, Lower Don Lands and space analysis and improvement include: Port Land sites moving toward re-development. These intensification efforts can assist GBC to establish new spaces for students both Virtual Campus Development The tasks identified in this section are intended to act as a • 200 King St. East renovation & retrofitting of floors 1-5 in the short and long term. Space planning opportunities include: Expanding GBC’s online presence should be a priority in the near high-level guideline to provide direction for campus planning • Centre for Business expansion future as the popularity of hybrid and online offerings increase in initiatives. It is inevitable that new space planning initiatives and • CHCA lab and enterprise expansion • Address the option for development on Block 3 popularity. To expand technology-enhanced learning within the tasks will arise as the City is constantly in flux and the College • Transitioning out of short term leased spaces • Explore co-development opportunities in East Bayfront context of George Brown College, the following initiatives should must adapt to these external factors over time to ensure that GBC • Plan long-term options within Port Lands be considered: continues to be successful in providing a quality educational • Seek a land bank campus replacement site experience. [71] [72] Vision for New Design School - By Giannone Petricone Associates CONCLUSION Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Three: Conclusion & Recommendations MOVING FORWARD... Looking forward to continued success. The last few years have seen us grow