planned uses: Lack of GBC public amenities: While a large portion of the waterfront lands (including land in Currently the Waterfront Campus lacks amenities such as housing, East Bayfront, West Don Lands, Lower Don Lands & Port Lands) sports facilities, restaurants, shops, etc. are owned by the City itself, preliminary planning has predetermined much of the land use within the waterfront area as Environmental remediation: well as the parties responsible for overseeing development.10 Due to the previous industrial uses that were located along the This is especially true in the East Bayfront and West Don Lands waterfront, land is heavily contaminated and requires remediation communities where the majority of lands available for prior to construction. This has cost and time implications and can development are already planned in detail and in some cases have complicate future development initiatives.08 begun construction. This constrains opportunities for growth. “THE GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE WATERFRONT CAMPUS BRINGS LIFE AND ACTIVITY TO A PART OF TORONTO THAT DESPERATELY NEEDS IT.” Christopher Hume - Toronto Star 08. “Land Remediation.” . Waterfront Toronto, 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://sr.waterfrontoronto.ca/en/environment/pm6landremediation.asp>. 09. “LEED Gold Certification.” . Waterfront Toronto, 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://sr.waterfrontoronto.ca/en/environment/pm2leedgoldcertification.asp>. 10. “Who We Are.” . Waterfront Toronto, 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://sr.waterfrontoronto.ca/en/highlights/whoweare.asp>. [21] [22] CASA LOMA CAMPUS CONTEXT CASA LOMA CAMPUS TOTAL CAMPUS GSF: FACILITIES DESCRIPTIONS CLD (1 Dartnell Avenue): 674,100 Building D (86,629 GSF) is located at the North East corner of Casa Loma Campus (CLC) is one of GBC’s original campus CLB (175 Kendal Ave): Bridgman Ave and Dartnell Ave. This facility has undergone a locations, opening its doors in 1968 as an Institute for the Trades.11 Building B is located on the southeast corner of Kendal Avenue number of interior alterations since its inception. While this It is now one of GBC’s largest campuses, located in the Casa and Davenport Rd., separate from the main mass of the Casa building is somewhat disconnected from Buildings C & E, a recent Loma neighborhood district of Toronto. This neighbourhood is Loma Campus, which consists of buildings C, D & E. As the addition - the C-D Link - improved circulation by providing clear defined by the boundaries of St Clair Ave. to the north, The CP & former home to Dental programs and other Health Sciences uses, points of entry to this facility and connecting it to the rest of the CN rail lines to the south, Bathurst St. to the west and Avenue Rd this building sits vacant after the opening of the Waterfront core campus clustering. to the east.12 Campus in September, 2012. With 65,232 GSF of space, this Functional Student Space: 583,700 SF (Buildings C, D & E) facility provides an excellent opportunity to accommodate and/or CLE (146 Kendal Avenue): Evolving over time to meet increasing demands for growth and to Vacant & Administrative Space: 90,400 SF stage growth while its long term use is being explored. Building E, located at the northwest corner of Kendal Ave. and suit the programming needs of GBC, the Casa Loma campus is a (Buildings B &