Brown College has established targets to become a leader in field College will seek to create an enhanced sense of place that fabric, GBC will not only enhance its presence within the placement. GBC will continue to pursue this educational model distinguishes the College within the urban realm and enhances community, it can also enhance connections to existing and increase integration with industry partners, which augments the user experience. transportation nodes, green spaces, cultural destinations and GBC space for education throughout the City of Toronto. facilitate movement between facilities. There are a number of Creating spaces that are permeable, welcoming and inviting will opportunities for improvement at each campus, and with a By creating learning and doing spaces that better connect promote a strong pride of place that reinforces GBC’s brand growing number of satellite facilities it can significantly enhance students with industry and vice versa, there are opportunities to identity. This will be central to future space planning initiatives. the student experience. incorporate industry spaces within College facilities and also to create external spaces that place students within industry. Increase the Permeability of Existing and Proposed Facilities at Grade to Ensure Greater Identity & Presence: Enhance Enterprise Educational Models that Support Student George Brown College is a public institution and as such plays a Placement and Generate Revenue: key role in the Community. This role is crucial to the success of Enterprise educational models have been a major success over the College and increasing the permeability of facilities can the past several years in providing unique educational experiences encourage greater connectivity with the existing urban fabric to students, offering affordable services to the public and while exposing the life and activity that occurs within the GBC enhancing the College’s brand within Toronto. George Brown environment. Following recent development and renovations College should continue to pursue these enterprise educational including the Waterfront Campus, Centre for Hospitality & models within existing facilities and via partnership satellite Culinary Arts and Chefs’ House as models for permeability, the facilities to provide additional placement opportunities for Rendering of C-D Link at Casa Loma Campus College has an opportunity to increase its identity when planning students. Opportunities in Hospitality and Culinary Arts, Design, future space improvements. Centre for Hospitality & Culinary Arts Fashion, Business and Construction programs can be capitalized on within short term timelines. Create Signature Public Spaces and Buildings that Promote For example, Culinary & Hospitality Arts is looking to expand a Sense of Pride and Reinforce GBC’s Identity: enterprise educational models throughout 215 King St. East in The College is currently lacking signature public spaces that 2015-2016. This would transform it into a key culinary destination enable students to congregate within the urban realm and extend and experiential learning centre within the emerging culinary college life into the fabric of the City. Signature public spaces district along King East. should be provided at each of the three main campuses, leveraging existing spaces that are associated with GBC. Casa Create Learning Spaces that are Developed in Partnership Loma should build off of the Greenline competition