Performance in Learning Environments: A Knowledge Internalization Perspective." International Journal of Business and Social Science 3.24 (2012): 127-36. Print. [53] [54] GOAL 3: STRATEGY TWO Strategy Two: ESTABLISH EXCEPTIONAL Create Faculty & Staff Lounges at Intersections of Activity: Faculty and staff specific lounges should be established to SERVICE SPACES: promote divisional collaboration and provide spaces that are separate from student activity. By locating these at intersections It is essential that exceptional space for faculty, support staff and of staff and faculty activity the College can make better use of service is created to support those who teach and help students. space that is often underutilized: Continual improvements to faculty, office and service environments will ensure that GBC remains a leading employer • Lounges should be connected to existing faculty clusters and assists the College in attracting exceptional staff. This within facilities contributes to an enhanced student experience and enables the • They should accommodate a range of activity such as eating, college to fulfill its goal of preparing diverse learners for job socializing, and working on curriculum and collaborative success. research • Lounges should be accessible by all faculty and staff within a The following principles improve faculty and service space to facility to promote an enhanced sense of community create environments that attract the best employees, increase • These spaces should be equipped with the appropriate efficiency and user satisfaction and improve the overall experience technologies and equipment required for staff development, of both staff and students. relaxation, etc. Vision of ground floor at SJA, clustering services to increase accessibility for students Cluster College Services: Balance Transparency & Privacy to Create Functional, College services should be grouped to increase usability and Welcoming and Inclusive Environments: accessibility for students. In order to increase the effectiveness of In order to create successful, functional environments that services offered by the College it is recommended that: accommodate the various faculty and services throughout the College, there must be an appropriate balance of transparency • Services are to be located toward the lower floors of facilities and privacy. Transparency of spaces ensures that employees are Semi-Private Offices and be visible from main circulation and access points encouraged to maintain an organized, clean and efficient • Services that are interlinked should be clustered together to environment while enhancing visual accessibility for students. On promote cross-pollination, and greater accessibility the other hand, privacy is also required to minimize external • Private space within the core should be created to distraction and disturbance to enable a functional workplace: accommodate service uses that require privacy e.g. student affairs counseling services • Typical faculty offices should implement the appropriate balance of transparency and privacy both internally and externally. Use of materials, finishes and furnishings can Cluster & Organize Academic Departments: assist in developing this balance. Though limited space in the past may have prevented the proper • Special consideration should be given to services and faculty organization and clustering of faculty and academic departments, that have specific privacy requirements (e.g. student affairs, there is now an opportunity to better organize these