Advisor, Corporate Services Ken Greenberg - Greenberg Consultants Describes GBC’s major divisions, their current space Adrienne Galway - Special Advisor to the President Lorne Braithwaite - CEO, Build Toronto requirements and future growth projections..............................27 Paul Rowan - Co-Founder, Umbra George Brown College Master Planning Team Mark Guslits - Principal, Mark Guslits & Associates Incorporated ---- Recommendations Luigi Ferrara - Dean Centre for Arts & Design A Special Thank You… SECTION 3: Key recommendations for addressing space deficiencies based Robert Giusti - Campus Planner & Strategist To the countless faculty, staff and students from across the on internal & external data...........................................................71 Graeme Kondruss - Architectural & Space Planner College, who engaged in the various campus master planning RECOMMENDATIONS & IMPLEMENTATION Apostolo Zeno - Space & Project Planner workshops, interviews, surveys and design seminars. Conclusion & Closing Remarks Closing statement from the President of GBC............................74 [v] [vi] INTRO & CONTEXT SECTION 1 It is fundamental to the Master Campus Plan that the past evolution of GBC be understood. This helps us to develop a new vision for the future, balancing our traditions with emerging needs. This section of the document provides a brief introduction to the Master Campus Plan, an overview of the consultations that have helped to shape this report, as well as the physical and academic context of George Brown College. A number of key challenges have also been identified, which shape the strategies of the Master Campus Plan. [2] SECTION 1: INTRODUCTION & CONTEXT Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section One: Intro & Context INTRODUCTION The George Brown College Master Campus Plan STRATEGIC DIRECTION This inspiring statement reminds us of the key roles of design and “EDUCATION PROVIDES THE planning as education undergoes major transformations. New Embrace Augmented Educational Delivery teaching methods, technologies and a growing awareness of how After extensive consultation with the Board of Governors, Increase the efficiency and effectiveness of space-use, and space affects learning need to inform the design of post- administration, faculty, support staff, industry, college broaden learning options through flexible and augmented delivery FOUNDATION OF OUR GLOBAL secondary facilities. stakeholders, government representatives and thought leaders, methods that complement and enhance the existing physical this document has synthesized an approach to master campus spaces at the College with online and hybrid offerings. The GBC Master Campus Plan is an opportunity to imagine the planning based on the following four Strategic Principles: ---- POSSIBILITIES. WE DESIGN future design of the College and to lay out options for the These four Strategic Principles work together to help establish a development of its campuses over the next 15-20 years. This framework that will guide GBC in determining the following: exercise was designed to allow George Brown College to: Grow With the City THIS WELL AND THE WHOLE • How George Brown College can intensify to create more Identify a territory for expansion, as well as land and space • Imagine the space needs of the college to accommodate vibrant and integrated campus precincts acquisition options, to accommodate GBC student growth (i.e. growth and the changing