easy navigation of College facilities org e St. Kin g St. Bold Architectural Massing at St. James Campus can Assist to Redefine the Precinct The above image shows a potential podium expansion at St. James A (200 King St. East) Establish Pedestrian Districts within Campus Precincts Create Clear Visual Identity Through Bold Architectural With the fairly recent pedestrianization of Willcocks St. as an Massing and Activity at Grade: extension of the University of Toronto, and Gould St. and Bond St. Bold architectural massing can assist to define GBC facilities as an extension of Ryerson University, the City of Toronto has within the existing urban context, enabling students to easily indicated its willingness to enhance student experience and identify facilities, increasing flow and wayfinding. As outlined in increase the urban quality of the City. With existing GBC the principle aimed at increasing transparency at grade, promoting Campuses located adjacent to streets that are ideal for activity and key academic/service functions at grade can also St. pedestrianization (e.g. Frederick St., located in the heart of St. assist to enhance the identity, presence and clarity of what GBC k James campus locations on King & Adelaide) there should be has to offer. c eri efforts made to implement pedestrian zones within the context of d Fr e the campuses. • Renovations of old facilities should free space along the perimeter of buildings at grade to provide new opportunities King St. • Pedestrian streets should be introduced to campus precincts for programming and extension of the College into the urban where appropriate to create signature public spaces fabric of the City St. • Pedestrian streets will help to establish GBC’s presence • Enterprise educational models should be located at or near e g within the community via student activity grade to promote activity and increase awareness/use or G e • Low cost solutions should be implemented to pedestrianize • As co-development opportunities arise, GBC should seek streets in the short term and if successful, can be enhanced additional facilities within podiums, which have access at GBC Facilities are clustered around Frederick St. allowing for an opportunity to create a pedestrian district in the long term pending success and available funding grade and can assist to activate community spaces GBC Owned Facilities [59] [60] GOAL 3: STRATEGY FIVE Strategy Five: PROMOTE INTUITIVE SJA Floor 6, 7 & 8 were renovated to improve flow & vision to vertical circulation points Enhance Vision & Connection to the City Fenestration in key circulation areas provides views to the city to WAYFINDING & CIRCULATION facilitate flow and wayfinding. Simutaneously, this increases user awareness of location and orientation within the building and the Wayfinding and circulation within facilities and campuses is key to greater context of the City. improving the student experience, particularly in older facilities that have been developed over time and lack clear vertical and • Main corridors, including vertical and horizontal circulation horizontal circulation routes. Efforts must be made to ensure points should provide access to views of the City wayfinding and circulation remains intuitive and enables simple •