to under utilized spaces, transforming nooks and crannies spaces, parkettes, transit, etc.) disciplinary collaboration into study spaces, etc. The ideal College campus should: Be Animated & Connected: Enhancing the educational experience through physical and virtual enhancements Facilitate Mobility: Ensuring connectivity both within campus and beyond the campus to encourage flow between facilities and the existing urban fabric Enhance Well-Being: Promoting balanced and healthy lifestyles for students, faculty, staff and community members by creating a holistic blend of spaces that integrate sustainability and learning throughout the College and the City Promote Service Leadership: Anticipating and proactively delivering genuine effective service by empowering staff Senior Management Committee Charrette Students Brainstorming - Community Charrette Community Charrette at the Waterfront Campus [5] [6] CONSULTATION & ENGAGEMENT ACADEMIC CHAIRS & GBC BOARD RETREAT Theme 3: Collaborative & Energized Buildings Understand the Connection Between Wellness and Success: Brainstorming focused on the quality and characteristics of built DIRECTORS CHARRETTE & CHARRETTE Creating complete academic environments that promote health form, how to better engage industry within the City and facilitate and well-being to augment the learning experience. Emphasizing greater interaction with the community. Key insights included: On March 27, 2013 the Academic Chairs and Directors of George the notion that a healthy lifestyle contributes to a healthy mind The GBC Board of Governors was invited to contribute to the • Allow students to brand space and precincts by creating Brown College provided valuable insight to the Master Campus Master Campus Plan on April 10th & 11th, 2013. Seeking insight, spaces that embed students into the urban context Plan. With forty participants divided between four groups, this Create Permeable Academic Environments: input and direction, the Board was engaged in a charrette to • Create synergies between academic programming and living provided a unique opportunity for divisional leaders to collaborate Allowing for obvious and intuitive ways to navigate campuses and generate ideas and guide future space and development planning. spaces, enhancing the residence experience and envision the future of George Brown College. Below are services while creating welcoming and safe academic Discussion and brainstorming was focused around four strategic • Engage the Student Association to program and energize some of the key insights that were shared amongst the charrette environments themes. Key insights and discussion from these themes are College spaces teams to create an ideal college campus: identified below: Share the Precinct: As GBC’s presence within the City Theme 1: Land Bank & Territory Definition Theme 4: Augmented & Alternative Delivery “CONNECTIVITY SHOULD increases, there are opportunities to create shared facilities that Teams were encouraged to explore areas for College expansion This provided an opportunity to look at the virtual enhancement of benefit key stakeholders (GBC, industry, community, etc.) and identify City trends that affect growth. The following insights space and future implications of online-based learning initiatives. were established by the Board: Key insights included: BE A KEY THEME OF Allow Form to Follow Function: New facilities should be • Link St. James & the Waterfront Campus to establish a • Use online learning to augment the physical experience designed through