undergo renovations in the coming years to within the St. James Precinct. Sherbourne and Jarvis act as links update infrastructure. Space planning initiatives will allocate to the new Waterfront Campus from existing facilities, and at Casa portions of existing buildings to incorporate a combination of Loma Campus, the connection from Dupont Station to the private, semi-private and social spaces for students (e.g. Floors 6, clustering of facilities acts as the main gateway to the campus. 7 & 8 of 200 King St. East). This will assist to create a better Activity along each of these core spines can be enhanced with balance between classrooms, administration space and student- low-cost improvements to the urban realm including enhanced oriented space that is needed to foster academic success. wayfinding, introduction of public space standards and signature Athletic and other community amenities should also be introduced GBC pedestrianization efforts. Vision of a pedestrianized Frederick St. into the campus districts via partnerships and the exploration of co-developed spaces with the City of Toronto. Rendering of the future GBC residence & YMCA Promote Pedestrian and Sustainable Transportation Between Campuses by Enhancing the Urban Realm: Incorporate Residences & Affordable Housing Opportunities Building off of the core spines of activity, GBC will promote 75% “GBC IS BELOW THE COLLEGE in Proximity to GBC Campuses: pedestrian and sustainable transportation between facilities. The first GBC residence is set to open in 2016; however as rents GBC will continue efforts to support alternative transportation increase within the Downtown Core, it is crucial to explore networks to access College facilities and aims to leverage ongoing AVERAGE FOR ATHLETIC AMENITIES” additional opportunities to provide affordable rental units to development initiatives to create a better pedestrian experience students who wish to live in proximity to GBC facilities. With for students, staff and faculty. The College also recently engaged condo development reaching unprecedented levels within Toronto, in the Smart Commute Program offered through Metrolinx, which GBC will pursue partnerships with developers and investors to has been successful in engaging College users to explore - COFSI, 2012 accommodate additional housing opportunities. Residences will alternative methods of transportation and car-sharing options. be strategically located to promote a more unified downtown campus, connecting St. James and the Waterfront. Boardwalk creates a pedestrian area at the Waterfront Campus [49] [50] GOAL 3: COLLABORATIVE & ENERGIZED BUILDINGS Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Two: Key Goals & Strategies CREATE COLLABORATIVE & ENERGIZED BUILDINGS Promoting welcoming, diverse & exciting spaces As a leading post-secondary institution locally, nationally and internationally, it is essential that the College continues to increase the quality of educational spaces to enhance the student experience. The College’s facilities should align with this vision of “BY CREATING MORE BALANCED a commitment to excellence in teaching, applied learning, and innovation while reflecting the passion, energy and commitment of the GBC academic community. ACADEMIC ENVIRONMENTS AND To create buildings that promote collaboration and instill energy and life into the academic experience, five key ingredients have PROMOTING WELLNESS, GBC been identified: • Create Quality Instructional & Study Spaces CAN ENCOURAGE