for growth in the coming years, with years, enrolment in this division is expected to slow in the near since relocating. Experiencing fluctuations in growth over the past the goal of increasing enrolment by an additional 1,200 full time future, projecting 2.6% growth by 2017. few years, enrolment growth in this academic cluster is expected Arts & Design students by 2018. This growth will be accommodated by utilizing to remain consistent to 2017. newly available space within St. James Campus. In total, this Early Childhood Education (ECE): would increase enrolment to the School of Business to over 5,000 Arts: ECE offers its programs primarily out of a shared facility with FTE’s, an increase of approximately 25% over the next 4 years. Arts programs are divided between Casa Loma Campus and the Ryerson University. Increased program offerings over the past 5 International & Young Centre for the Performing Arts. Offering unique programs in years that saw the creation of applied degrees, contributed to Dance, Fashion, Performing Arts, and jewellery this academic steady enrolment growth in recent years. Enrolment projections Immigrant Education cluster accommodates 938 full time students. With steady growth indicate a continued growth, with an increase in enrolment of Construction & Engineering over the past 10 years, enrolment in the Arts programs are 7.9% by 2017. This division provides services for students, maintains internation- al partnerships and attracts international students to the college. Technologies (CCET): expected to remain constant with only minor growth (6%) to 2017. With their main office located at St. James Campus, International Health Sciences: & Immigrant Education has small spatial requirements at each of The Centre for Construction Engineering Technologies (CCET) has Design: With enrolment growth of approximately 34% since 2001/2002, the main campuses to accommodate the international & immi- experienced a 117% growth in enrolment over the past ten years. Design has been one of the fastest growing divisions in the the Centre for Health Sciences has experienced fluctuations in grant student base. As this division does not operate any major With a total enrolment of 1498 FTE students in 2001/02, the college over the past five years and has a current enrolment of growth over the past 10 years. With the addition of the Waterfront academic programs on its own, its enrolment growth is associat- number of FTE’s is now over 4,000. Consuming a large percentage over 900 FTE’s. This can be attributed to investment in this Campus that is dedicated to Health Sciences, enrolment is ed with other divisions. of the space at Casa Loma Campus, this division has seen recent division in recent years with the creation of a new headquarters expected to increase by over 30% in the next three years. More investment and expansion to accommodate increased for the School of Design opening in 2008 in leased space at 230 space, new high-tech facilities and the introduction of new programming requirements. Through infill development and by Richmond St. and newly renovated classrooms on floors 5 & 6 of programs are expected to contribute to growth in this sector. re-purposing vacant campus space