emphasis on the connections to local transportation nodes. lifestyle to increased educational success. GBC aims to improve experiential education while filling gaps in community services Subway, streetcar and bus routes connect the campuses to other its student satisfaction by promoting a holistic blend of spaces that are accessible to Toronto’s diverse population. Accessibility is a key component of GBC’s current success and regional transportation networks that enable students to easily throughout each Campus. This is intended to encourage students, should remain an important factor in future space planning access GBC from most major cities within the GTHA. As faculty and staff to maintain healthy and balanced lifestyles while Services, including health and wellness clinics, dental care, food initiatives. This strategy aims to enhance connections to existing additional transit improvements are planned in years to come, increasing productivity and student success. and hospitality services, business, design and creative consulting, mobility nodes and encourage connections between facilities and GBC should leverage investment to assist in funding pedestrian can assist to create new space opportunities as GBC expands into the existing urban realm. Allowing students to populate the urban improvements and connections to new transit hubs. Public safety A broad range of services should be maintained by the College to emerging communities downtown related to waterfront environment can act as a significant place making initiative, while should also be a priority and City improvements such as ensure that this is effectively implemented. These should also be intensification efforts. The College should ensure these spaces are providing significant benefits to the City and local community. crosswalks and protected walkways are important to success. linked to academic programming to introduce a systems approach dispersed amongst campus locations and align with the identified to service delivery. gaps in community services. Enhance Connections Between Campuses by Emphasizing the Core Spines of Activity: Promote Balance by Integrating a Combination of Spaces that There are a number of key spines of activity that facilitate Encourage Work, Play, Study and Learning: movement between campus facilities. The St. James Campus can With older GBC Campuses lacking the proper balance of spaces, be significantly enhanced by focusing on the core spines along it is essential to introduce a diverse mix of student-oriented King St. and Frederick St. which connect the majority of facilities spaces as facilities undergo renovations in the coming years to within the St. James Precinct. Sherbourne and Jarvis act as links update infrastructure. Space planning initiatives will allocate to the new Waterfront Campus from existing facilities, and at Casa portions of existing buildings to incorporate a combination of Loma Campus, the connection from Dupont Station to the private, semi-private and social spaces for students (e.g. Floors 6, clustering of facilities acts as the main gateway to the campus. 7 & 8 of 200 King St. East). This will assist to create a better Activity along each of these core spines can be enhanced with balance between classrooms, administration space and student- low-cost improvements to the urban realm including enhanced oriented space that is needed to foster academic success. wayfinding, introduction of