GSF), Building F is Building F houses administration staff and Building ‘B’ is currently Kendal Ave. However, it is located on the third floor atop a large located at the northeast corner of Kendal Ave. and Macpherson 125 GSF/FTE vacant. Additionally, Buildings C, D and E are interconnected and staircase and is significantly set back from the road, having very Ave. It is comprised entirely of offices utilized by administrative developed within the block of land that is defined by Davenport little street presence. Many recent and ongoing renovations have and support staff (e.g. Finance, Human Resources, Office of the Rd., Kendal Ave., Bridgman Ave., and Dartnell Ave. This major taken place in Building C as part of campus improvement Registrar, and Archives). Although the building is located adjacent block is owned primarily by George Brown College except for a initiatives and federal development programs to enhance facilities to the main entrance of the campus, because of its function there small portion of the block at the northwest corner. and promote industry research partnerships. is less interaction with students. Building E Interior Building C Main Entry Building E Exterior Facade & Stair to Building C Entry 11. “History.” . George Brown College, 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.georgebrown.ca/about/history/>. 12. “Casa Loma Real Estate Guide.” . Toronto Life Staff, 2013. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.torontolife.com/real-estate-guide/central/casa-loma/>. [23] [24] CASA LOMA CAMPUS CONTEXT Casa Loma Campus Facilities CASA LOMA Lack of available public space: TTC Subway Routes There is a general lack of accessible green space associated with CAMPUS CHALLENGES this campus. Established residential neighborhoods and privately TTC Bus Routes owned parking lots along the rail corridor leave little room for Age of assets & infrastructure: additional public spaces to be introduced in proximity to campus Main Pedestrian Paths As most Casa Loma Campus facilities move toward the end of facilities. their life-cycles, there is a need for significant investment in Cycling Paths renewal and renovations. The operational life-cycle or the age at Located outside municipal & provincial growth areas: which a building’s infrastructure will require significant The Casa Loma Campus falls outside the border of growth areas maintenance and repair is 60-70 years. Considering Casa Loma is as designated by both the Places to Grow Act’s Growth Plan for in its fourth decade and many of its buildings significantly older the Greater Golden Horseshoe (GGH), and the City of Toronto than that, it is essential that any and all investment into the Official Plan.13 Located north of the rail corridor and Dupont St., renovation of its facilities must take into consideration a financial this prevents increased density and permissible zoning changes payback period of less than 20 years. Environmental and structural within the area that may have been beneficial to the college. It CLB analyses are also required prior to renovations to assess site also reduces potential investment opportunities which are being contamination in buildings B and F. This will help to ensure returns targeted in growth and intensification areas as defined by on investment in the longer term. municipal and provincial growth plans.