will allow ongoing changes in curriculum and college programming • Access to light, views of the City and visibility from the City minimize disruption, but transparent to promote safety and increased natural light to improve the student, faculty and staff • Plan for increased use of mobile devices and outlets by are key features that should be considered and incorporated visibility. These spaces should be located near classrooms for experience within the College. Additionally, to enable light to creating spaces that allow students to “plug-in” (e.g. power into the design of the spaces in-class group work and brainstorming sessions penetrate further into the building, spaces located along the bars, floor plugs, etc). • Incorporate flexible furniture to allow for multiple forms of periphery should utilize glass partitions where appropriate. This • Classrooms should be designed to adhere to flexible grid student interaction (private, semi-private, open) – e.g., study can also enhance safety and wayfinding. servicing systems for HVAC & lighting and with modular nooks in athletic area on the 6th floor of 200 King St E divising walls. This can help to reduce alteration costs as • Use of devices and recharging stations should be spaces are adapted to meet the needs of future users incorporated into space designs Promote the Library as a Network: Technology has transformed the way students and faculty access information and more specific program niches have changed the type of information required. With this in mind, it is possible to rethink the library as a network that branches throughout the College providing students with greater access to library resources remotely and creating a new typology of information hubs that could be tailored to specific program niches. • Remote library hubs should be strategically located throughout the College to provide innovative ways to access information and avoid overcrowding in the central facility • Program-specific libraries can help tailor to students needs and enhance the overall learning experience (e.g. architectural materials library) • Information hubs near study spaces that provide access to library databases and virtual learning environments Glazing at SJH is used to allow natural light into corridors Vision for creating a student space at the main entry of SJA (200 King St. East) 27. Samani, Sanaz Ahmadpoor, and Soodeh Ahmadpoor Samani. "The Impact of Indoor Lighting on Students' Learning Performance in Learning Environments: A Knowledge Internalization Perspective." International Journal of Business and Social Science 3.24 (2012): 127-36. Print. [53] [54] GOAL 3: STRATEGY TWO Strategy Two: ESTABLISH EXCEPTIONAL Create Faculty & Staff Lounges at Intersections of Activity: Faculty and staff specific lounges should be established to SERVICE SPACES: promote divisional collaboration and provide spaces that are separate from student activity. By locating these at intersections It is essential that exceptional space for faculty, support staff and of staff and faculty activity the College can make better use of service is created to support those who teach and help students. space that is often underutilized: Continual improvements to faculty, office and service environments will ensure that GBC remains a leading employer • Lounges should be connected to existing