for improvement via data George Brown College is dedicated to promoting innovation in summer months, offering significant opportunities for a more “The next half-century of education innovation is being shaped collection. Having already embraced these smart building systems educational delivery as new learning methodologies emerge and balanced stream of students throughout the year to optimize right now. After decades of yammering about ‘reform’ with more at the Waterfront Campus, GBC should continue to pursue the technology transforms classroom environments. As our space utilization. While the College is already seeking to improve and more money spent on declining results, technology is finally creation of smarter buildings to increase energy efficiency, understanding of new, innovative methods to engage students this utilization by targeting an increase in summer enrolment by poised to disrupt how people learn.”30 This quote from a feature in optimize space use and understand occupant trends to improve and better serve various learning styles emerge, space planning 40% over the next two years, innovative delivery systems will Forbes Magazine indicates the importance of supporting the the design and function of spaces College-wide. initiatives will assist to promote these delivery methods. Listed also play a key role in achieving this goal. technological evolution of learning spaces and the potential impact below are some more specific initiatives that can assist to it may have on institutions within the coming years. In doing so, it These intelligent building systems can monitor everything from promote innovation in educational delivery: “Block” system delivery methods where there are monthly is also important to ensure these systems are reliable and classroom utilization to lighting and charging station usage which semesters that allow for continuous intake are emerging trends functioning, enabling stakeholders to effectively use the tools that can be accessed via a digital dashboard to assess where space that may assist in achieving optimization of space. This may be the College invests in. enhancements should be made. Expand Hybrid Learning Experiences piloted on academic clusters that lend themselves to a more Hyrbid learning environments include a combination of typical flexible, modular style of learning. face-to-face academic delivery and interactive, online components Create Networked Campuses to engage students and deliver course content. As technology As the affordability and accessibility of technology disrupts the continues to become more accessible and our connection to Create Flexible Academic Spaces functioning of social and economic systems, it is essential to mobile networks are enhanced, hybrid learning is becoming Flexible academic spaces that can be used for more than one remain at the forefront of ICT systems advancement and to plan increasingly prevalent. This aligns with GBC’s Strategy 2020 to be purpose are essential to promote innovation in educational for and support networked campuses. This means new and responsive and committed to exploring new course delivery delivery and allow for the optimization of spaces throughout the existing spaces should be able to support smart building systems methods, and will affect the design and planning of spaces. College. Flexibility in both form and function are necessary. The and communications technology to support the evolution of Physical