capitalized on within short term timelines. Create Signature Public Spaces and Buildings that Promote For example, Culinary & Hospitality Arts is looking to expand a Sense of Pride and Reinforce GBC’s Identity: enterprise educational models throughout 215 King St. East in The College is currently lacking signature public spaces that 2015-2016. This would transform it into a key culinary destination enable students to congregate within the urban realm and extend and experiential learning centre within the emerging culinary college life into the fabric of the City. Signature public spaces district along King East. should be provided at each of the three main campuses, leveraging existing spaces that are associated with GBC. Casa Create Learning Spaces that are Developed in Partnership Loma should build off of the Greenline competition results to with Industry: explore opportunities along the rail/hydro corridor.26 St. James can Engaging industry to develop learning spaces can assist to create better connect to existing green spaces (e.g. St. James Park), and state-of-the-art facilities that allow students to better acquire the increased utilization and programming of Sherbourne Common skills needed by industry. This has been a key component of past can enhance the Waterfront Campus. space planning efforts (e.g. C-D Link), and continued emphasis should be placed on enhancing this industry engagement in the Facility improvements and new developments will also aim to development of new space. increase architectural and urban quality to enhance the College’s Centre for Hospitality & Culinary Arts identity and instill a sense of pride for students, faculty and staff. Key public spaces in proximity to St. James Campus 26. “Green Line Ideas Competition.” . Workshop Architecture, 1 Jan. 2012. St. James Campus Facilities Key Public Spaces Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.greenlinetoronto.ca/index.html>. [47] [48] GOAL 2: STRATEGY THREE & FOUR Strategy Three: Strategy Four: ENHANCE WELL-BEING PROMOTE CONNECTIVITY Include and Extend Ancillary Services Including Health Better Connect Campuses to their Associated Services, Shops, Clubs and Clinics: Transportation Hubs: & PROMOTE DIVERSITY: BETWEEN GBC FACILITIES To support campus precincts/community, George Brown College While promoting pedestrian connections between campuses and will continue to offer a number of services that support students, enhancing the urban realm, the College should also place an & THE COMMUNITY: A number of studies link enhanced well-being and a balanced faculty, staff and community members. These services promote emphasis on the connections to local transportation nodes. lifestyle to increased educational success. GBC aims to improve experiential education while filling gaps in community services Subway, streetcar and bus routes connect the campuses to other its student satisfaction by promoting a holistic blend of spaces that are accessible to Toronto’s diverse population. Accessibility is a key component of GBC’s current success and regional transportation networks that enable students to easily throughout each Campus. This is intended to encourage students, should remain an important factor in future space planning access GBC from most major cities within the GTHA. As faculty and staff to maintain healthy and balanced lifestyles while Services, including health and wellness clinics, dental care, food initiatives. This strategy aims to enhance connections to existing additional transit