continued partnerships with industry to activate economic sectors GBC will align its long-term growth in proximity to industry by filling gaps in skilled labour and placing students in industry sectors within the City of Toronto. With seven core academic connected spaces to ensure graduate success. divisions that are directly tied to major industry sectors and emerging economic clusters, the College intends to strengthen physical connections to industry. By strategically locating specific Create New Facilities by Leveraging Industry Investment: divisions in close proximity to industry sectors, GBC can drive Diagram Above: George Brown College is located in Canada’s business and space opportunities and take advantage of the partnership Existing & Emerging Districts in Downtown Toronto East “GBC IS SEEN AS THE GTA COLLEGE financial capital and should leverage continued industry opportunities available in each specific locale. This diagram shows some existing and emerging districts investment to assist in ensuring local and global competitiveness. identified by George Brown College that surround the St. As urban centres remain at the forefront of industry investment, Hospitality and Culinary Arts, for example, should align growth James and Waterfront Campuses. These also directly align with WITH THE STRONGEST RELATIONSHIP GBC can leverage growing industries in Toronto while aligning with key culinary nodes in the City, such as the St. Lawrence the programs offered by the College and as the City’s with the strategies outlined in Toronto’s “Collaborating for Market, and the potential development of Block 3 should consider waterfront continues to expand there will be significant Competitiveness.” Growing sectors including Finance, Creative the smart economy that is emerging within the waterfront opportunities for student placement, educational expansion and WITH INDUSTRY AND THE COLLEGE Industries, Food & Beverage, Health, IT and Building Services communities. The result is an enhanced opportunity for cross- co-development opportunities. Two key emerging districts in (Construction) align with GBC’s core divisions.19 pollination between students, faculty, and industry professionals, the short term are the entertainment and technology hub that which will enrich the overall educational experience and provide is comprised of the East Bayfront community, and the health THAT BEST EQUIPS GRADS TO GET THE Additional emphasis is placed on maintaining an export-based industry with students that are better equipped to join the and recreation district which has received significant sector in creative manufacturing, strengthening high-value sectors workforce upon graduation. This directly aligns with municipal and investment to accommodate the upcoming Pan-Am games in in Toronto’s tech sector and building the City’s incubation network. provincial strategies aimed at driving innovation in the local and 2015. In the longer term, the Port Lands development has an JOBS THEY WANT” GBC can leverage investment in these areas of activity to assist global economies. As Toronto emerges as a major global City, this opportunity to accommodate new industries and smart with the development of academic program space. will ensure GBC remains rooted in industry success. manufacturing along the waterfront that can create new educational opportunities and partnerships for the College. - GBC Board Member, 2013 18. “Sustainable Competitive Advantage and Prosperity - Planning for Employment Uses in the City