and mobile campus that replicates the This includes both academic and non-academic spaces as labs experience of attending GBC physically. that are used only sporadically can serve two institutions and industry partners more efficiently. Jamie Oliver teaching GBC students GBC virtual model of the waterfront built for Waterfront Toronto [67] [68] CONCLUSION & RECOMMENDATIONS SECTION 3 This section provides recommendations for ensuring the successful implementation of the Master Campus Strategy and improving the student experience both in the short and long term. GBC is committed to the continual improvement of the College’s physical assets and this section provides a broad framework for moving forward. SECTION 3: RECOMMENDATIONS Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section Three: Conclusion & Recommendations RECOMMENDATIONS Implementing the Master Campus Strategy. It is essential that the goals and strategies embedded in this Casa Loma Campus Short-Term Renovations Public Space Enhancement • Pilot technology-enhanced classrooms that have capabilities document act as a guideline to future College leaders as to how & Long Term Life-Cycle Analysis As GBC moves forward with space planning initiatives to improve of streaming learning online GBC should move forward with space planning initiatives. These Casa Loma Campus requires a re-evaluation of its spaces to facilities, it must also align these improvements with public space • Incorporate systems that promote the use of technology- strategies will be adapted to meet the needs of various projects ensure they continue to meet the needs of students, faculty and enhancement. This will help to balance indoor and outdoor spaces assisted learning devices to improve the College’s assets and, more importantly, enhance staff. Short-term renovations will be required to ensure that for students and can activate the public realm in underdeveloped • Test a virtual campus model the student experience. Listed below are some of the key spaces remain functional, while an analysis of Casa Loma campus’ areas (e.g. the Waterfront Campus helps to animate Sherbourne recommendations and projects that need to be completed to long-term use must be undertaken as some key facilities reach the Common and Sugar Beach). To improve public spaces, the College transform GBC’s campuses and meet the needs of future end of their life cycles. Specific projects for consideration include: must partner with local developers, industry, and the City of Residences & Amenities Expansion students over the next 15-20 years: Toronto to ensure that investment is made in public furniture, GBC is currently behind other Colleges in Ontario when it comes • Building B short-term retrofit proper lighting, wayfinding, signage, etc. Below are some to residences and amenities that are accessible to students. This • Building D renovations initiatives that should be considered to improve public spaces is directly attributable to GBC’s location within a dense urban core. St. James Campus Improvement • Building C athletic amenities improvement associated with the College: However, efforts should be made to create new residences and St. James campus must be improved through strategic • Casa Loma Campus life-cycle analysis amenities available to students through co-development and investment to accommodate growing programs such as Business, • 500