June 2013. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <https://www.placestogrow.ca/content/ggh/2013-06-10-Growth-Plan-for-the-GGH-EN.pdf>.. [15] [16] ST. JAMES CAMPUS CONTEXT St. James Campus Facilities TTC Streetcar Routes R CL TTC Bus Routes ST. JAMES Leased spaces: Main Pedestrian Paths St. James Campus consists of a combination of leased and CAMPUS CHALLENGES owned space that accommodates the needs and programming Designated Cycling Lanes requirements of the divisions served. While many of the key Below are the key challenges facing the St. James Campus facilities are owned, there has been an increase in leased space SJE Precinct: over the past several years in order to accommodate growth. These leased facilities include: Increasing enrolment: • SJE: Design Projections indicate accelerated growth in Business, Design and • SJF: Marketing Communications, Alumni Relations & George Hospitality & Culinary Arts, requiring additional space to Brown College Foundation accommodate increases in enrolment. • SJH: Design & ESL SJC Space deficiency: • 264 Adelaide St: Community Partnerships Already facing the lowest space/student ratio of the three major campuses, St. James is projecting further enrolment increases to Although these provide affordable temporary options, they may 2020, which would decrease the space/student ratio. The current increase the long-term operational costs associated with space as SJB space/student ratio at St. James is 60 GSF/FTE. It is essential to investments in renovations benefit third parties and additional shift this ratio closer to the Colleges Ontario standard of 100 GSF/ taxes apply. In the long term, this campus should aim to move 264 FTE to reduce over-crowding and enhance the overall learning toward more owned space by purchasing buildings or partnering experience. Improving the student-space ratio will also provide the on development to secure GBC owned built space. College with greater capacity for growth in the future. Heritage designation: SJA Lack of public space: Located in a historic Toronto neighbourhood, GBC owns facilities SJF While this campus benefits from proximity to public spaces such that are subject to heritage designation due to their historical and SJH as St. James Park, and Moss Park, there are no public spaces that architectural significance. George Brown College must be mindful directly abut the College. This scarcity of signature public space of the restrictions associated with the renovations and reduces the identity and presence of George Brown College redevelopment of heritage designated buildings. within the precinct and affects the balance of indoor and outdoor student spaces at St. James Campus. Land availability & affordability: SJD As the St. James precinct continues to experience transformation SJG Life cycle horizon: and development, the cost of land has climbed in recent years.04 While many of the facilities at St. James Campus have undergone This coincides with increased construction costs within the City of extensive renovations in recent years, the College should be Toronto, creating limited availability for affordable land purchases aware that the remaining life-cycle horizon is between 40-50 years within the precinct.05 Capital costs of projects must also be viable - based on a 60-70 year infrastructure renewal model. relative to funding capacity and reserves. WITH 147,000 SF OF LEASED SPACE, THIS ACCOUNTS FOR YC 19% OF ST.