GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE Master Campus Plan Report GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE George Brown College Master Campus Plan Report © 2014 George Brown College Master Campus Plan Report No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical, including photocopying and recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without 2014 written permission by the publisher - except for a brief quotation (not This document outlines key goals to exceed 200 words) in a review or professional work. that will assist GBC to meet current and future space planning CONTACT needs while improving the For more information, or to place an order please contact: learning environment. As an urban college that is growing George Brown College Visit our website for more information along with the City of Toronto, we P.O. Box 1015, Station B about George Brown Collehe intend to leverage many other Toronto, ON. M5T 2T9 www.georgebrown.ca assets of the City to deliver the Tel: 416.415.2000 E-mail: best possible college experience. Through strategic campus improvements we will create spaces that support a 21st century education for the smart economy. [i] [ii] Building a better Toronto – it’s at the core of everything we do at George Brown College, from the programs we offer and the partnerships we develop, to our in-depth involvement in the City’s diverse communities. One of the perpetual challenges for an urban college like ours is space. We must ensure that we have the room we need and that we’re using it to its greatest potential as we try to match student and employer demands. A major part of this challenge is determining the best use of our facilities in the interest of both academic success and student life. It is with great excitement that our institution puts forth a Master Campus Plan that will guide us as we continue to develop our physical assets. This endeavour will allow us to continue to take a lead role in delivering quality education while growing with the City. Anne Sado President Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I 2014 TABLE OF CONTENTS Acknowledgements: Master Campus Planning Report George Brown College Board of Governors 2012-13 Master Campus Plan Support SECTION 1: SECTION 2: ---- ---- Lynn Nagle (Chair) - Price Waterhouse Cooper Terry Comeau - Executive Director, Waterfront INTRODUCTION & CONTEXT KEY GOALS & STRATEGIES James McPhedran (Vice-Chair) - Scotiabank Hooman Farhangnia - Campus Manager, St. James Anne Sado - President, George Brown College Ian Hamilton - Director, Facilities Mohammad Ali Aumeer - Student Association Angelo Ho - Architectural Technologist Rahul Bhardwaj - Toronto Community Foundation Nerys Rau - Senior Project Manager Introduction Goal One: Grow with the City Julie Bulmash - George Brown College Trent Scherer - Acting Chair, School of Performing Arts Explains the need for a Campus Master Plan and the key goals Strategies that align with city growth and intensification to afford Laurie Cook - Borden Ladner Gervais, LLP Educational Consulting Services Corp. (ECS) & strategies.................................................................................03 new opportunities.........................................................................35 Suzanne Herbert - Former Deputy Minister Mitzie Hunter