OF THE VIDEO GAME hubs whenever possible • These labs should be industry specific and tied to the various divisions or centres of the College and incorporate the INDUSTRY IN TORONTO AND necessary technology to attract industry partners • Where appropriate include ‘applied experimental labs’ that allow students, graduates, faculty and industry to experiment PROVIDING FIELD EDUCATION with new technologies that further promote innovation and collaboration • These spaces can be associated with specific industry OPPORTUNITIES. partners for funding purposes • Labs should be designed to be flexible and dynamic to allow for the latest and newest technologies to be easily incorporated as industries change and evolve Waterfront Campus - visual transparency at grade promotes a connection to Sherbourne Common [57] [58] GOAL 3: STRATEGY FOUR Strategy Four: ENHANCE IDENTITY, Enhance Main Entry Points to Promote Identity & Establish Clear Hierarchy within the Urban Environment PRESENCE & CLARITY To establish a strong sense of place and identity for users and within the greater context of the City, identifying and enhancing Many of the new/renovated facilities have a consistent identity main access points is essential. This is often the first place users and have set new standards for architectural quality, materiality, see upon visiting or interacting with the College, and therefore colour and signage (e.g. Chefs’ House, Centre for Hospitality & should emulate and display the brand reputation of the College Culinary Arts, Health Sciences Facility & Pan-Am Residence, and its vision for the future. 2016). It is important that both older and new campuses adapt, incorporate and enhance their identity to be consistent with the • Main access points should be clearly identifiable within the college’s strategic direction as they are renovated and updated. urban fabric of the City Updating and complementing the urban realm should also be a • Both external and internal access points should be treated priority to create more complete campus precincts that meet the with equal importance needs of the GBC community and the City of Toronto. • Entry points should have vertical connector spaces associated with the interior to facilitate orientation and Enhancing clarity of spaces will also have significant impacts on circulation within facilities wayfinding and circulation, which can help to improve student • Entry points should have signage and wayfinding to allow for G e satisfaction. easy navigation of College facilities org e St. Kin g St. Bold Architectural Massing at St. James Campus can Assist to Redefine the Precinct The above image shows a potential podium expansion at St. James A (200 King St. East) Establish Pedestrian Districts within Campus Precincts Create Clear Visual Identity Through Bold Architectural With the fairly recent pedestrianization of Willcocks St. as an Massing and Activity at Grade: extension of the University of Toronto, and Gould St. and Bond St. Bold architectural massing can assist to define GBC facilities as an extension of Ryerson University, the City of Toronto has within the existing urban context, enabling students to easily indicated its willingness to enhance student experience and identify facilities, increasing flow and wayfinding. As outlined in increase the