objectives and improve its to allow for living, learning and working 24/7. Increase the identity long-term planning and operations by: IS TO PUT THE NEEDS OF and presence of the College by establishing signature urban • Guiding the creation of quality facilities and effective learning features and vibrant public spaces. environments CURRENT AND FUTURE • Facilitating greater connections with the existing urban Co-develop Collaborative & Energizing Buildings community and industry partners Increase the quality of buildings and academic environments by creating open and permeable buildings that improve spatial • Attracting the most capable faculty and staff to support our STUDENTS FIRST.” relationships, flexibility, collaboration, well-being, service diverse students in their success leadership and efficiency. Ensure that these buildings speak to the • Positioning the College as an innovator in alternative and world about the activity going on inside them, reflecting the flexible delivery passion, energy and commitment of the GBC community. Anne Sado, President of GBC • Proactively planning land and building purchases and providing a framework for strategic decisions around growth 01. Brown, Tim. "A Design Lens on Education." . LinkedIN, 13 Nov. 2012. Web. 30 Apr. 2014. <http://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20121113225351-10842349-a- design-lens-on-education>. [3] [4] CONSULTATION & ENGAGEMENT Master Campus Plan Report I George Brown College I Section One: Intro & Context CONSULTATION An inclusive and transparent process COLLEGE & COMMUNITY As George Brown College plans its future, it is essential to ensure Be Stimulating & F.A.B. (Fun, Artistic & Beautiful): Creating Create a Balance of Spaces within the College: Encouraging a the planning process is open and inclusive. Having both internal spaces that showcase and share the fun, artisanal, and more complete student and college life that promotes wellness CHARRETTE and external input to the planning process helped form the basis experimental work that occurs at the College while encouraging amongst the GBC community for this document and provided valuable insight from various student, community and industry interaction and engagement stakeholder perspectives. The consultation process included GBC On March 23, 2013 George Brown College invited faculty, staff, Enhance Connections within the Community: Creating open, faculty, staff, students, as well as the Board of Governors, industry Include Flexible and Innovative Learning Spaces: Responding students, community members/organizations and external transparent and welcoming spaces that encourage interaction and partners, community organizations and thought leaders. to student needs, promote collaborative working environments stakeholders to participate in a charrette to envision the future of dialogue with the existing urban fabric and leverage the City to create new learning opportunities George Brown College. Over one hundred stakeholders This section highlights the key consultation sessions that were participated in the charrette and these participants were divided Leverage the “Urban” Qualities of the College: Creating held by the College and the strategic insights generated through Have a Strong Identity & Presence: Creating spaces that are into eight working teams to conduct the brainstorming process. synergies with the activity and energy of the City to enhance the this process. welcoming and inviting, which promote a strong pride of place and GBC experience reinforce brand presence Below are the key themes that were