MORE THAN YOU EXPECT. At George Brown College’s Building Information Modeling Lab, we use 3D imaging technology to bring construction projects to life, so industry partners can save time, money and building materials. Learn more on . Take a closer look. Behind every George Brown graduate, there’s a college partner with their own success story to tell. An entrepreneur whose product got to market faster through applied research. An employer who found the perfect new hire by hosting a field placement. A city builder whose real-world challenge inspired innovative solutions from our students. A small business owner who got the support they needed to succeed. At George Brown College, you’ll find more than you expect. The power of partnership Together, we’re not Bridging the gap between learners and employment is core to our mission at George Brown College, and it’s made possible through collaboration with many organizations. Each day, we work with employers, community groups, educational institutions and financial supporters only preparing career- who share our commitment to developing the highly skilled employees Canada needs for a strong economy. Guided by this common goal, we develop productive, mutually beneficial partnerships that reflect the breadth and depth of Ontario’s labour market, in sectors ranging ready graduates, but from construction to health care, business to culinary arts. George Brown’s partners are fully integrated into the student experience. In fact, we also supporting local wouldn’t be able to achieve our mission without them. Through formal and informal relationships, our partners advise us on program development and provide students with field placement opportunities; they work with us on applied research, and support scholarships business and fuelling and capital expansion through donations. As you’ll see in the pages that follow, our work together is resulting in positive outcomes Toronto’s economy. for students and partners alike. Employers hire graduates with the technical and people skills to hit the ground running in the workplace. Industry and community partners support the education and employment of tomorrow’s workforce. Academic partners develop new pathways that meet the needs of students. Small and medium-sized businesses access the expertise and facilities they require to develop innovative products and services. And financial supporters transform lives through education. To our current partners, thank you for empowering the next generation of professional leaders and community builders through your support of George Brown. To those who haven’t partnered with us yet, we invite you to get in touch to learn more about how we can work together to achieve our shared objectives. Anne Sado Joe Zenobio President Chair, Board of Governors George Brown College Executive Director, Call2Recycle MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 3 Reimagining Students design new concepts for Toronto’s ravine system at the IwB. our city with Toronto Foundation AAss lleeaadd rreesseeaarrcchh ppaarrttnneerr oonn tthhee aannnnuuaall aammoonngg TToorroonnttoonniiaannss,, tthhee IIwwBB llooookkeedd ffoorr TToorroonnttoo’’ss VViittaall SSiiggnnss rreeppoorrtt,, GGeeoorrggee BBrroowwnn wwaayyss ttoo bbrriinngg ppeeooppllee ttooggeetthheerr aanndd ggeett hheellppss tthhee TToorroonnttoo FFoouunnddaattiioonn iiddeennttiiffyy tthheemm mmoovviinngg.. TThhee rreessuulltt wwaass RRaavviinneeLLiinnee,, ttrreennddss aanndd iissssuueess tthhaatt aaffffeecctt qquuaalliittyy ooff lliiffee aa ssoocciiaall iinnffrraassttrruuccttuurree pprroojjeecctt tthhaatt bbuuiillddss iinn oouurr cciittyy.. BBuutt wwee’’rree aallssoo ccoollllaabboorraattiinngg oonn