eeqquuiippmmeenntt aanndd iinnnnoovvaattiioonn.. ffoorrmmeerr ssttuuddeenntt rreesseeaarrcchheerr aanndd ggrraadduuaattee ooff oouurr CCuulliinnaarryy MMaannaaggeemmeenntt pprrooggrraamm,, iiss nnooww ZZppiirriitt FFooooddss IInncc.. iiss jjuusstt tthhaatt kkiinndd ooff ssttaarrtt-- tthhee ccoommppaannyy’’ss FFoooodd PPrroocceessss MMaannaaggeerr.. uupp.. TThhee bbiigg iiddeeaa ooff PPhhiilliippppee RRooiirreeaauu,, ZZppiirriitt nneeeeddeedd hheellpp ffrroomm GGeeoorrggee BBrroowwnn iinn oorrddeerr ZZppiirriitt IInnffuuzzeedd WWaatteerr ccaann bbee ffoouunndd iinn ssttoorreess ttoo ggeett iittss iinnffuusseedd wwaatteerr ttoo mmaarrkkeett.. BByy aaccrroossss CCaannaaddaa,, aass wweellll aass sseelleecctt UU..SS.. aanndd ccoonnnneeccttiinngg wwiitthh oouurr FFoooodd IInnnnoovvaattiioonn aanndd EEuurrooppeeaann rreettaaiilleerrss.. Betty Lau conducts research in our enhanced Food Innovation and Research Studio. George Brown launched the Food Innovation and Research Studio (FIRSt) in 2005 as a way to help small and medium-sized businesses accelerate new food ideas from concept to commercialization. In 2015, it became the centrepiece of an expanded food and beverage industry hub offering world-class applied research and learning facilities, product development support, and prototyping and commercialization opportunities for industry partners. MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 7 Preparing learners DENMARK The Copenhagen School of Design and Technology for the global (KEA) shares our commitment to preparing students for the international workplace through innovative learning economy ITALY opportunities. Our multi-disciplinary partnership allows Students in our Culinary students from select programs in George Brown’s Centre Arts—Italian program spend for Arts, Design and Information Technology, as well as our a semester studying at the Centre for Construction and Engineering Technologies, to with our international partners world-renowned ALMA and complete a semester abroad at KEA. They can also upgrade gaining work experience in their diplomas to bachelor’s degrees in just three semesters. real Italian kitchens. KOREA Our partnership with Jeju University provides George Brown students with work placement opportunities in major hotels on Jeju island, one of Korea’s most famous tourist destinations. PANAMA Hospitality and Culinary Arts students can gain real- world experience at one of Bern Hotels & Resorts’ CHINA properties in Panama. Qualified graduates from the Advanced Vocational Technology Education diploma program at Shanghai Urban Management College can enter the Honours Bachelor of Technology (Construction Management) program at George Brown. Today’s labour market is becoming INDIA increasingly global in nature, and so is Students and faculty from Health our learning experience. George Brown Sciences as well as Community and students participate in field placement Early Childhood can gain international CHINA experience thanks to a partnership with Students from George Brown’s School of Early Childhood have and exchange opportunities in more than Tata Institute of Social Sciences. the chance to supplement the experience they’ve gained in 30 countries, and have degree completion our Toronto childcare centres with a month-long teaching and options in four of them. Some of these learning term in China. A long-standing partnership with our only overseas affiliate lab school, Suzhou Regent International institutions also send students and staff on JAMAICA Preschool, lets participants learn to adapt and thrive in a new Early Childhood Education INDIA exchange to George Brown, where they’re environment, while building cross-cultural skills that will come in students can further their studies Couture fashion house Shantanu & Nikhil able to learn about the Canadian labour at Shortwood Teachers’ offers Fashion students