Brown’s School of Early Childhood have and exchange opportunities in more than Tata Institute of Social Sciences. the chance to supplement the experience they’ve gained in 30 countries, and have degree completion our Toronto childcare centres with a month-long teaching and options in four of them. Some of these learning term in China. A long-standing partnership with our only overseas affiliate lab school, Suzhou Regent International institutions also send students and staff on JAMAICA Preschool, lets participants learn to adapt and thrive in a new Early Childhood Education INDIA exchange to George Brown, where they’re environment, while building cross-cultural skills that will come in students can further their studies Couture fashion house Shantanu & Nikhil able to learn about the Canadian labour at Shortwood Teachers’ offers Fashion students an eight-week placement handy while working in Toronto’s diverse communities. market while living in one of the world’s College while earning credit wherein they learn to apply the fashion traditions towards their programs. of India to a contemporary global context. most diverse cities. Here are just a few examples of our international partnerships. MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 9 Connecting employers to top talent with TD Bank Group As one of the world’s largest financial year, TD connects with our students by service providers, TD Bank Group is hosting field placements, sponsoring always looking for fresh talent—and awards and organizing on-campus they often look to George Brown. In recruiting events. TD also works with the fact, TD is one of the top employers of college on community initiatives such as our alumni, hiring graduates from such Centre of Learning, empowering Regent program areas as financial services, Park residents to engage in personal Creating innovative marketing, human resources, computer and community development. It’s well- programming, graphic design and rounded partnerships like this that learning spaces for more. But the company’s relationship allow us to produce the well-rounded with our students begins long before graduates employers like TD value most. future leaders graduation. Throughout the school with Jack Cockwell and the Brookfield Partners Foundation An $8 million donation from Toronto “Having seen firsthand how George “We’re committed to working with business leader Jack Cockwell and the Brown’s remarkable facilities, George Brown College—whether Brookfield Partners Foundation is providing faculty and administration help that’s by hosting field placements, George Brown students with increased to prepare the next generation sponsoring student awards or access to state-of-the-art learning facilities, of professional leaders and while making history in the college sector. recruiting on campus—because we’re community builders, we are looking for talent. George Brown is Earmarked for George Brown’s future honoured to be playing a role training tomorrow’s leaders.” growth, redevelopment and expansion in the future growth that will plans, this gift represents the largest one- support George Brown’s continued Scott Mullin Vice-President, Community Relations, TD Bank Group time private donation in the history of innovation and leadership.” Ontario’s college system. In recognition Jack Cockwell of this generosity, our building at the Chairman, Brookfield Partners Foundation Waterfront Campus has been renamed the Daphne Cockwell Centre for Health TD Bank Group is finding