PPrroojjeecctt MMaannaaggeerr,, GGiillllaamm GGrroouupp GGrraadduuaattee 22001133,, BBaacchheelloorr ooff TTeecchhnnoollooggyy,, CCoonnssttrruuccttiioonn SScciieennccee aanndd MMaannaaggeemmeenntt WWiinnnneerr,, 22001155 PPrreemmiieerr’’ss AAwwaarrdd ((RReecceenntt GGrraadduuaattee ccaatteeggoorryy)) MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 13 Enhancing interprofessional learning with Baycrest Health Sciences When it’s time for field placement, Our partnership has resulted in new you won’t just find our Culinary Arts interprofessional learning opportunities students in the city’s restaurants, hotels as well, such as Top Chef Dysphagia, and bakeries—their nutrition and an annual cooking challenge in which culinary management skills have also speech-language pathologists and Inventing the earned them a place at Baycrest Health registered dietitians from Baycrest Sciences. Each year, Baycrest hosts work with students to develop menu more than 150 students from George ideas for patients who have difficulty future of gaming Brown’s Culinary Arts, Nursing, Personal swallowing. The exercise helps future Support Worker and Dental Hygiene food services professionals and personal with IFTech programs, thanks to a college-wide field support workers learn about the placement agreement. eating challenges faced by seniors, Oshawa-based start-up Inventing Future supported by Natural Sciences and while exposing clinicians to creative, Technology (IFTech) wants to revolutionize Engineering Research Council (NSERC) appetizing ways of preparing easy-to- the way we play video games—and thanks funding, helped the co-CEOs explore swallow food. to our School of Fashion, their invention fabrics, fit and potential suppliers, and then is almost ready for production. ARAIG (As drafted patterns. By the time the project Real As It Gets) is a multisensory suit that wrapped up, IFTech had garment prototypes immerses the wearer in an alternate reality and a production specification guide it can “Students bring new techniques and ideas using surround sound, vibration and muscle take to a manufacturer to begin production. to the workplace. So when we’re working contraction technology. with students in clinical areas, it helps our “We brought our vision, the When co-CEOs Michael and Brodie Stanfield staff think about their own practice— researchers brought their approached George Brown, they had a what they’re doing, why they’re doing it expertise. The research process proof-of-concept model with working that way and how they can do it better. electronics, but needed help designing was excellent. We ended up It raises the bar on practice.” a commercial-grade garment that was learning so much.” breathable, washable and aesthetically Faith Boutcher Brodie Stanfield Director of Education, Baycrest Health Sciences pleasing. Our applied research team, Co-CEO and Founder, IFTech MORE THAN YOU EXPECT 15 Giving small Digital Main Street Coordinator Joshua Lang, a Strategic Relationships Marketing graduate, works businesses a big with Elvie Fruelda, owner of Footstep A Plus, on a digital marketing strategy for her store. online presence with City of Toronto AAtt aa ttiimmee wwhheenn oonnlliinnee mmaarrkkeettiinngg ccaann TThhee DDiiggiittaall MMaaiinn SSttrreeeett iinniittiiaattiivvee hheellppss mmaakkee oorr bbrreeaakk aa bbuussiinneessss,, mmaannyy llooccaall bbuussiinneesssseess eexxpplloorree tthheeiirr ooppttiioonnss iinn tthhee rreessttaauurraanntt oowwnneerrss aanndd sshhooppkkeeeeppeerrss ddoonn’’tt ddiiggiittaall rreeaallmm——ffrroomm FFaacceebbooookk ppaaggeess ttoo hhaavvee tthhee eexxppeerrttiissee nneeeeddeedd ttoo llaauunncchh aa SShhooppiiffyy ssttoorreess——aanndd tthheenn iinnccoorrppoorraattee ssoocciiaall mmeeddiiaa ccaammppaaiiggnn oorr ee--ccoommmmeerrccee tthheessee nneeww tteecchhnnoollooggiieess.. WWhheetthheerr ssiittee.. BBuutt oouurr ssttuuddeennttss ddoo.. TThheeyy’’rree uussiinngg tthhee ppaarrttiicciippaannttss nneeeedd aa bbuussiinneessss ssttuuddeenntt ttoo ssppeecciiaalliizzeedd kknnoowwlleeddggee