resulting over 1,000 first generation intervention students and their families from different segments of the population were reached, among them: new Canadian women, at risk youth, homeless, aboriginal, crown wards, and low income. Student KPI Q33: Satisfaction Students with Disabilities X X Student satisfaction with with the services: Disability Services remained 2006 (Base line): 59% almost unchanged between 2006 2007: 57% and 2007. During this period, the number of students served Disability Services - # of increased by close to 11%. students reporting a disability(ies) 2005-2006: 1,021 2006-2007: 1,129 Aboriginal Strategic Plan X The college continues to focus X its efforts in this area by actively seeking partnership opportunities and developing initiatives to increase participation from this group: - In 2007, eight students successfully graduated from the Carpentry pre- apprenticeship program, developed in partnership with the Miziwe Biik Aboriginal Employment and Training Centre. The program is funded by the MTCU. - In June 2007, the college received a donation of $73,000. With matching funds from the College and MTCU, we have an endowed bursary Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: May16, 2007 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability of $250,000. Starting in June 2008, 3 bursaries will be distributed annually to Aboriginal students in Business and Culinary programs. - In partnership with Council Native Cultural Centre, the college developed the Academic & Career Entrance program (literacy up-grading). Fifteen students registered in the program. - Hosted 3 youth forums with 50 aboriginal youth participants and developed an education/career/ employment guide. Mature students Estimated at 3% of the Ontario 29 *It is difficult to measure College Student Engagement participation over time using current (of 929 survey sample. The college definitions. Some students with responde defines mature students as those OSSD apply as mature applicants nts) 19 years of age or older without because they are unable to submit high school completion. their high school transcripts. These students are assigned a ‘mature’ status in the College student records system. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: May16, 2007 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Official Languages Education Program: French Language College Collaboration This table applies only to the two French language colleges — Boréal and La Cité. Instructions: As excerpted from the approved MYAA Action Plans, for each college collaboration strategy/program listed below, indicate: whether the strategy/program was executed; the result achieved; any variance from the targeted result; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. Target French Language Explain Variance between Actual and Implemented? Achieved? College Collaboration Actual Expected Results and Any Remedial Action Strategy/Program Yes No Result Yes No You Expect to Take Identify pilot projects, action plans, schedules and joint strategies Identify the partnerships needed for the pilot projects to succeed Identify the mechanisms needed to assess the effectiveness of cooperation on the pilot projects Mount a joint marketing and public relations campaign for secondary schools and school boards in the Centre-