your institution will participate in the Student Access Guarantee (including the new Access Window which allows Ontario students to identify costs and sources of financial aid). The detailed requirements for participation in the student access guarantee are outlined in the 2007-08 Student Access Guarantee Guidelines. Please complete the following template to update the strategies and programs that your institution will use in 2007-08 to participate in the Student Access Guarantee initiative. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: May16, 2007 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Describe how your institution will meet students’ tuition/book To assess the student’s tuition/book short fall the financial shortfalls. As part of your description identify whether aid towards assistant consultant reviews both the OSAP application and the tuition/book shortfalls will be: Bursary application. The OSAP applicants receive a basic bursary between $500 to $1,500 based on their number of dependants (a) provided to those students who apply for institutional financial plus an additional grant for unmet needs ranging from $300-$500. aid; or (b) automatically issued to students based on their OSAP information. GBC will meet tuition/book shortfalls in compliance with the 2007- 08 MTCU student access guarantee guidelines. This will be distributed upon application by the students. Identify whether your institution plans to provide loan assistance to No we do not plan to provide loan assistance. meet tuition/book shortfalls of students in any of your High- Demand (formerly fee-deregulated) college post-diploma Programs. If so: (a) identify the programs by name and by OSAP cost code; (b) describe how you determine how much loan aid to provide. If your institution has a process in place to collect statistics on the No we do not have a process. socio-economic accessibility of High Demand programs that you offer, please describe the data that you collect. Describe other financial support programs and strategies that your The college has an emergency bursary fund and distributes book institution will use to assist college students facing financial vouchers to 1st semester students. barriers to access, including identification of programs that provide case-by-case flexibility to respond to emergency situations that arise for students. Briefly describe your review process for students who dispute the Students may reapply and request a reassessment by the amount of institutional student financial assistance that is provided Financial assistant consultant. The student may request that the as part of the Student Access Guarantee. manager of Financial Assistance review their file. B. QUALITY Quality of the Learning Environment Instructions: Referring to your approved MYAA Action Plan, list: each quality improvement strategy/program planned for the fiscal year being reported; whether the strategy/program was executed; the result achieved; any variance from the targeted result; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. Implemented? Target Achieved? Explain Variance between Actual Quality and Expected Results and Any Yes No Yes No Strategy/Program Actual Result Remedial Action You Expect to Take Human Resources X 28 X Exceeded target of 25. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: May16, 2007 Ministry of Training, Colleges and