two French language colleges — Boréal and La Cité. Instructions: As excerpted from the approved MYAA Action Plans, for each college collaboration strategy/program listed below, indicate: whether the strategy/program was executed; the result achieved; any variance from the targeted result; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. Target French Language Explain Variance between Actual and Implemented? Achieved? College Collaboration Actual Expected Results and Any Remedial Action Strategy/Program Yes No Result Yes No You Expect to Take Identify pilot projects, action plans, schedules and joint strategies Identify the partnerships needed for the pilot projects to succeed Identify the mechanisms needed to assess the effectiveness of cooperation on the pilot projects Mount a joint marketing and public relations campaign for secondary schools and school boards in the Centre- South-West Region (the London and Welland areas) Identify the differences between the sets of programs offered by English-language colleges and those offered by French- language colleges For the Learning to 18 initiative, sign memoranda of understanding with the province’s 12 French- language school boards Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: May16, 2007 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability College Small, Northern and Rural This table applies only to institutions that receive funding through the Small, Northern and Rural (SNR) Grant. Instructions: Referring to your approved MYAA Action Plan, list: each SNR strategy/program planned for the fiscal year being reported; whether the strategy/program was executed; the result achieved; any variance from the targeted result; an explanation of the variance; and, planned remedial action. Target College Small Explain Variance between Actual and Implemented? Achieved? Northern & Rural Actual Expected Results and Any Remedial Action Strategy/Program Yes No Result Yes No You Expect to Take Student Access Guarantee and Commitment Instructions for 2006-07: In your signed MYAA, you committed to take into consideration the Ministry’s student tuition/book shortfall calculation in allocating financial aid, as set out in the 2006-2007 Student Access Guarantee Guidelines. Yes No The college took into consideration the Ministry’s student tuition/book shortfall calculation in allocating financial aid, as X set out in the 2006-2007 Student Access Guarantee Guidelines If you answered no, please explain. MYA Action Plan – 2007-08 Revision: Student Access Guarantee Pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Multi-Year Agreements, your institution will participate in the Student Access Guarantee (including the new Access Window which allows Ontario students to identify costs and sources of financial aid). The detailed requirements for participation in the student access guarantee are outlined in the 2007-08 Student Access Guarantee Guidelines. Please complete the following template to update the strategies and programs that your institution will use in 2007-08 to participate in the Student Access Guarantee initiative. Issued: April 1, 2003 Revised: May16, 2007 Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology Policy Framework 1.0 Governance and Annual Report Operating Procedure Accountability Describe how your institution will meet students’ tuition/book To assess the student’s tuition/book short fall the financial shortfalls. As part of your description identify whether aid towards assistant