I & Communications II and you believe it is equivalent to COMM 2000 - Communicating Across Contexts at George Brown. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 14 of 25 15 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application SUBMITTING AN APPLICATION FOR YOUR ELECTIVE REQUIREMENTS If you completed General Education (diploma) or Liberal Studies (degree) courses at another post-secondary institution and earned a grade of C- (60%) or higher, you may be eligible for transfer credits for one (or more) of your electives. You may submit transfer credit applications for all applicable electives for your program at the same time if you wish. How to get started? 1. View your program’s elective requirements To view your program’s elective requirements, see General Education Requirements. Note, the General Education Requirements page displays the elective requirements for the current academic year. 2. Review the list of electives offered at George Brown to see what kind of courses qualify for transfer credits. To qualify for transfer credits, courses must fall into one of the three General Education categories: I. Arts and Humanities (GHUM) II. Social Science (GSSC) III. Science and Technology (GSCI). Note: Program and field specific, computer, study skills and language courses, and program mandated general education classes do not qualify for elective transfer credits. 3. Select the correct category for your application What course(s) should I choose from my transcript for General Education or Liberal Studies electives? Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 15 of 25 16 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • There are several factors to consider when selecting a course to use in your application for Transfer Credit for a General Education or Liberal Studies elective: 1) The course must fit into one of the three elective categories we use at GBC: Arts and Humanities (GHUM), Social Sciences (GSSC), and Science and Technology (GSCI). • To see examples of the kinds of courses that fit into each of these categories, review the course descriptions on the General Education and Liberal Studies electives web page. These lists include only electives offered at GBC. Many other courses are eligible for Credit Transfer as long as they fit one of the accepted categories and meet all of the other requirements. The chart below is to help illustrate what type of courses fit into the three elective categories. The focus and content of courses used to apply for Transfer Credit for electives must be completely unrelated to courses you are taking in your program. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 16 of 25 17 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • General Education and Liberal Studies electives introduce students to knowledge and perspectives in disciplines outside their field of study. Make sure you do not choose courses that overlap with your program courses. For example, students in Business programs cannot transfer Economics courses as General Education or Liberal Studies electives. 3) Courses that develop skills and knowledge used in a particular workplace or profession do