is to help illustrate what type of courses fit into the three elective categories. The focus and content of courses used to apply for Transfer Credit for electives must be completely unrelated to courses you are taking in your program. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 16 of 25 17 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • General Education and Liberal Studies electives introduce students to knowledge and perspectives in disciplines outside their field of study. Make sure you do not choose courses that overlap with your program courses. For example, students in Business programs cannot transfer Economics courses as General Education or Liberal Studies electives. 3) Courses that develop skills and knowledge used in a particular workplace or profession do not qualify for Credit Transfer as General Education or Liberal Studies electives. • This includes most courses completed as part of a vocational program at another institution and a broad range of professionally related courses such as Marketing, Human Resources, Computer Programming, Graphic Design, Counseling, Pharmacology, and many others. General Education and Liberal Studies courses focus on broadening and deepening our understanding of the social, political, and cultural contexts in which we live and work, not on developing specific workplace, professional, or technical skills. Courses that focus on teaching learners “how to” develop or apply specific technical, mechanical, communication/interpersonal, personal health and fitness, and/or creative knowledge and skills also do not qualify for Credit Transfer as General Education or Liberal Studies electives. • This includes many science courses such as Chemistry, Molecular and Cell Biology, and Physics (the exceptions are courses for non- science majors that focus on the function and relevance of scientific principles in everyday life); math courses such as Algebra, Calculus, Finite Math, etc.; computer skills courses; interpersonal communications and management courses; writing skills courses, including creative and technical courses, research skills, public speaking and language courses; personal development courses like stress management, Yoga, Tai Chi, mindfulness training, career exploration/preparation, study skills; photography, art, dance, music, and theatre skills courses, and many other skill and personal development courses. The course must be equivalent to a 3 credit (42 contact hours) GBC elective and the final grade must be 60% (C on the GBC grading scale) or higher. • Courses evaluated on a pass/fail basis are not eligible for Credit Transfer as General Education electives. For General Education and Liberal Studies Elective Courses: 1. Check the General Education and Liberal Studies Electives page for your program's elective requirements. Please note the guidelines about the breadth requirement and any course exclusions for your program. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 17 of 25 18 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application 2. You may apply for all General Education or Liberal Studies elective transfer credits in one application in any semester. 3. In the George Brown Course Details section, select an elective code from the drop-down menu. The elective codes follow a sequence. Always start with the lowest sequence number in your application, i.e. when applying for