Post-Secondary Students: Check your Program Page and/or your Academic Progress (CAPP) Report (if available), or the What-If Analysis in STU-VIEW. For elective requirements, see Submitting an Application for Your Elective Requirements. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 9 of 25 10 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • Continuing Education Students: Check the Continuing Education website. What is Required to Submit a Transfer Credit Application? To be considered for transfer credits, students must meet the following criteria: 1. A minimum grade of C- (60%) is required in your previous course. Note, some courses may require a higher minimum grade, and; 2. If not previously submitted, an official transcript or evaluation report from WES or ICAS, and; 3. A course outline/syllabus for each course* *Some applications do not require students to submit a course outline. If the course combination you wish to submit an application for is listed in the Course-to-Course Equivalencies Database, you may not be required to submit a course outline with your application. For details on how to submit your documents see the section below. How to Submit Your Required Documents? Students are required to submit an official transcript or evaluation report and a course outline with their application. See, What is Required to Submit a Transfer Credit Application for more information. What is Required if you are Using an Incoming Course from an International Institution? All students who apply for transfer credit using incoming courses from an international institution must submit an evaluation report. This documentation is a comparison of your academic accomplishments to Canada’s educational standards. Students may submit a report from World Education Services (WES) or International Credential Assessment Service of Canada (ICAS). All international institutions (apart from the United States) require a Comprehensive Course by Course Evaluation Report. Post Secondary studies from the United States require a General Evaluation Report, see I Have International Education for further information. See How to Submit an Evaluation Report for more information. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 10 of 25 11 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application How to Submit an Official Transcript? Transcripts received electronically or by email are processed with a quicker turnaround time. Please see below for how to submit your official transcript. To submit an official transcript, you may: • Request your transcript through ontariocolleges.ca. • Request to have your transcript emailed directly from your issuing institution to transfercredit@georgebrown.ca.If you are submitting an evaluation report, email a PDF copy to transfercredit@georgebrown.ca • Submit your transcript through a secure third party credential sending platform (i.e. mycreds or parchment). • Mailed to the following address (*Note – Not recommended unless necessary due to lengthy delivery times and possible loss of documents during mailing process): George Brown College Office of the Registrar ATTN: Transfer Credit 160 Kendal Avenue, Toronto ON, M5R 1M3 Building C, Room 317 How to Submit an Evaluation Report? Evaluation reports received electronically or by email are processed with a quicker turnaround time. Please see below for how to submit your