of the admission process. 6. Students seeking to transfer a block of credits (Advanced Standing) a. The practice to transfer a block of credits is called Advanced Standing. Students wishing to transfer a block of credits from another accredited post-secondary institution should contact the Admissions Office for assistance. 7. George Brown Students transferring to another George Brown program a. The practice of transferring courses between George Brown programs is called Internal Transfers (Substitutions). Students should contact their Academic Department for more information. 8. Students who wish to receive an academic credit for knowledge and skills acquired through life experiences, such as work or volunteer experience. a. The practicing of granting credits for life experience is called Prior Learning Assessment Recognition (PLAR). Students who wish to explore this option, should contact the PLAR Office at plar@georgebrown.ca for assistance. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 4 of 25 5 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application b. If none of the above scenarios apply to you, and you are not able to submit an application online, please see Contact Us for assistance. Benefits of Transfer Credits There are many benefits to receiving a transfer credit. Such as: 1. Greater flexibility with your course schedule 2. More time to study and focus on a course(s) that maybe challenging 3. Reduce required time to graduate 4. Minimize barrier(s) to mobility and eliminate credit duplication If you are interested in submitting a transfer credit application online, see Transfer Credit Application Tutorial Video How to Apply for Transfer Credits Guide to Selecting Courses Eligible for Transfer Credit Applying early for transfer credits means that you know what your schedule will be by the first day of the new term. Choosing the right course from your previous education is easy when you know where to look. Where to start? • The Course-to-Course Equivalencies Database is a list of courses from other external institutions, including what courses may be equivalent to courses offered at GBC and the program they are associated with. If you have a course on your transcript matching a course combination on this list and the GBC course is part of your program, apply through STU-VIEW to receive a transfer credit exception. *Note – minimum grade requirements and other program factors will apply. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 5 of 25 6 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • Course Catalog: GBC page which will list the courses associated with your program, we recommend you find your program and browse the course titles as this will be a good place to start to determine if that is the course you might look at further for possible transfer credits. • Degree Works: Please select link and navigate your way to your personal Academic Progress Report. An Academic Progress Report is a tool that lets you evaluate your progress against your program's requirements. This tool gives you a snapshot of your program’s academic requirements, along with the required courses you have completed, those in progress,