submit an official transcript, you may: • Request your transcript through ontariocolleges.ca. • Request to have your transcript emailed directly from your issuing institution to transfercredit@georgebrown.ca.If you are submitting an evaluation report, email a PDF copy to transfercredit@georgebrown.ca • Submit your transcript through a secure third party credential sending platform (i.e. mycreds or parchment). • Mailed to the following address (*Note – Not recommended unless necessary due to lengthy delivery times and possible loss of documents during mailing process): George Brown College Office of the Registrar ATTN: Transfer Credit 160 Kendal Avenue, Toronto ON, M5R 1M3 Building C, Room 317 How to Submit an Evaluation Report? Evaluation reports received electronically or by email are processed with a quicker turnaround time. Please see below for how to submit your evaluation report. • Email a PDF copy of your evaluation report directly to transfercredit@georgebrown.ca • Request that your evaluation report is mailed to George Brown College at the following address: Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 11 of 25 12 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application George Brown College Office of the Registrar ATTN: Transfer Credit 160 Kendal Avenue, Toronto ON, M5R 1M3 Building C, Room 317 How to Submit a Course Outline or Syllabus? Students are required to upload a course outline/syllabus for most applications on STU-VIEW. This document must be in English or French and is a detailed breakdown of your incoming course content. Some of the information included in a course outline/syllabus are: the course description, learning outcomes, delivery methods, student evaluation system, grading system and resource materials. Some applications may require additional information on the incoming course outline including course expectations, credit hours, and weekly syllabus. The Academic Evaluators use this information to determine if your incoming course(s) is equivalent to the George Brown course(s) you wish to receive a transfer credit (exemption) for. Without a course outline your application will not be accepted for review. To submit a course outline, follow the steps to submit an application and select attach as shown in the table below. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 12 of 25 13 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application When to Submit an Application? We want to encourage early applications for Transfer Credit whenever possible, students will be able to apply and submit transfer credit applications at any point during the semester, for any course affiliated with their program. Our Transfer Credit process adheres to an open application model, it is important for students to be mindful of the applicable dates associated with their upcoming semesters when pursuing transfer credits. For Each Intake: Day 1 – Semester Beings Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 13 of 25 14 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application Day 5 – Last Day to Add a Course to the Current Term Day 10 – Last Day to Drop a Course (with partial refund) Students who have their Transfer Credit applications approved before Day 1 on the incoming term will