possible, students will be able to apply and submit transfer credit applications at any point during the semester, for any course affiliated with their program. Our Transfer Credit process adheres to an open application model, it is important for students to be mindful of the applicable dates associated with their upcoming semesters when pursuing transfer credits. For Each Intake: Day 1 – Semester Beings Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 13 of 25 14 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application Day 5 – Last Day to Add a Course to the Current Term Day 10 – Last Day to Drop a Course (with partial refund) Students who have their Transfer Credit applications approved before Day 1 on the incoming term will be automatically dropped from the course IF they are registered in it. If the Transfer Credit is approved after Day 1 but before Day 5 or Day 10 of the term, you will receive a notification email that you should go back to Registration and drop the course manually. For assistance with dropping a course please reference information here. What are the Different Types of Applications? You can submit 3 different types of transfer credit applications. Please see the definition of each application type below. 1 to 1: You wish to use ONE course from your previous institution towards ONE transfer credit at George Brown College 1 to 2: You wish to use ONE course from your previous institution towards TWO transfer credits at George Brown College 2 to 1: You wish to use TWO courses from your previous institution towards ONE transfer credit at George Brown College The 1 to 1 application is our default application type, and the most common. You may choose to use the 1 to 2 application type if you completed a year length course that is broken into two courses at George Brown. For example, you completed an Anatomy and Physiology course from your previous institution, and you wish to use this course for both Anatomy and Physiology I & Anatomy and Physiology II at George Brown. You may choose to use the 2 to 1 application type if you believe a two-part course from your previous institution is equivalent to one George Brown course. For example, you completed Communications I & Communications II and you believe it is equivalent to COMM 2000 - Communicating Across Contexts at George Brown. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 14 of 25 15 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application SUBMITTING AN APPLICATION FOR YOUR ELECTIVE REQUIREMENTS If you completed General Education (diploma) or Liberal Studies (degree) courses at another post-secondary institution and earned a grade of C- (60%) or higher, you may be eligible for transfer credits for one (or more) of your electives. You may submit transfer credit applications for all applicable electives for your program at the same time if you wish. How to get started? 1. View your program’s elective requirements To view your program’s elective requirements, see General Education Requirements.