Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 5 of 25 6 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • Course Catalog: GBC page which will list the courses associated with your program, we recommend you find your program and browse the course titles as this will be a good place to start to determine if that is the course you might look at further for possible transfer credits. • Degree Works: Please select link and navigate your way to your personal Academic Progress Report. An Academic Progress Report is a tool that lets you evaluate your progress against your program's requirements. This tool gives you a snapshot of your program’s academic requirements, along with the required courses you have completed, those in progress, and any courses remaining for you to complete your program. Checking your Academic Progress Report will help you stay on track to graduate. Review GBC Course Outlines: Most course outlines are posted on the GBC website. Compare the course outline of the course from your previous institution to the GBC course outline. Similarities to look for include Content, Outcomes, and Credit Hours. SUBMITTING A TRANSFER CREDIT APPLICATION ONLINE How to Submit a Transfer Credit Application Online? All eligible students must submit an application online through STU-VIEW. For video assistance on the application steps, see How to Apply for Transfer Credits. How to Apply as a Student in a Post-Secondary Program? The applications steps differ for students in a post-secondary program and students who are taking continuing education courses. If you are in a Post Secondary, English as a Second Language (ESL) or Apprentice Program, complete the steps below to apply: 1. Log into STU-VIEW 2. Navigate to Card - Transfer Credit – Application & History and click Submit or Modify Transfer Credit. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 6 of 25 7 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application 3. Self Identify as a student in a “Post-Secondary Program”,” English as a Second Language (ESL) program”, or “Apprentice Program” 4. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the application process *To see the courses for your program, you must self identify by choosing the correct program type. How to Apply as a Student in a Continuing Education Course? The application steps differ for students in a continuing education course. If you are a Continuing Education student, please contact the department where the course they want exemption from is being offered. Additional policies and application guides for Continuing Education can be found here. Alternatively, you may complete the steps below to apply as a Continuing Education student: Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 7 of 25 8 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application 1. Log into STU-VIEW 2. Navigate to Card - Transfer Credit – Application & History and click Submit or Modify Transfer Credit. 3. Self Identify as a “Continuing Education” student 4. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the application process *To see the courses for continuing education, you must self