basis are not eligible for Credit Transfer as General Education electives. For General Education and Liberal Studies Elective Courses: 1. Check the General Education and Liberal Studies Electives page for your program's elective requirements. Please note the guidelines about the breadth requirement and any course exclusions for your program. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 17 of 25 18 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application 2. You may apply for all General Education or Liberal Studies elective transfer credits in one application in any semester. 3. In the George Brown Course Details section, select an elective code from the drop-down menu. The elective codes follow a sequence. Always start with the lowest sequence number in your application, i.e. when applying for an Arts and Humanities transfer credit, use GHUM 1111 in your application first. If you submit a second Arts and Humanities application use GHUM 3333 in your application. The table below will detail the various elective codes: All eligible students must submit an application online through STU-VIEW. For video assistance on the application steps, see How to Apply for Transfer Credits. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 18 of 25 19 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application What to do if your Elective Application is Approved? If your application is approved before Day 1 on the incoming term you will be automatically dropped from the course IF you are registered in it. you will receive an exemption for the elective category that you selected (i.e. GHUM 1111). If the Transfer Credit is approved after Day 1 but before Day 5 or Day 10 of the term, you will receive a notification email that you should go back to Registration and drop the course manually. For assistance with dropping a course please reference information here. For more information, see General Education and Liberal Studies or email the Liberal Arts and Sciences Electives Office at laselectives@georgebrown.ca for assistance. AFTER YOU SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION The earlier an application is submitted the sooner we anticipate a decision being reflected by a faculty evaluator. Typically, Faculty are expected to enter all decisions one week after the application deadline closes. If the application is submitted well before the stated deadline, we aim to have a decision reached within 4 weeks although a final decision may take longer in some cases. If you are concerned about how long it is taking, please contact your academic division. How to Check your Application Status? You will receive an email notification when a decision is made. You can also review your application status at anytime, by following the steps below. 1. Log into STU-VIEW 2. Navigate to Card - Transfer Credit – Application & History – View Transfer Credit History. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 19 of 25 20 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application If you have any questions about your application status, contact us for assistance. HOW TO ACCEPT YOUR TRANSFER CREDITS If you’ve applied early and