at George Brown College. This guide is specifically for the online transfer credit application on STU-VIEW. Should you have internal GBC transfer credits you wish to have considered towards another program please reach your academic department directly. The online application for transfer credits is a free application process for new and current students who wish to use courses they’ve successfully completed at another accredited post-secondary institution, to meet their program requirements at George Brown College. Most students are eligible to submit an application online. To confirm eligibility, see Students Who can Submit an Application Online. However, some exceptions may apply, see Students Who Cannot Submit an Application Online for more information. Students Who Can Submit an Application Online 1. A new or returning student in a post-secondary program at George Brown College; and 2. Eligible to register for the upcoming term; or 3. A Continuing Education student* *Continuing Education students are registered in evening or weekend classes at George Brown College. Students Who Cannot Submit an Application Online 1. Students in the Bachelor of Science in Nursing (S118) or the Post-PN Bridge Pathway to Trent BScN (S222) programs a. Students in S118 and S222 should email the Sally Horsfall Eaton School of Nursing at nursing@georgebrown.ca for assistance with transfer credit inquiries. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 3 of 25 4 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application 2. Students in the RPN Bridge to BScN (S442) program. a. Credit applications will only be considered for the two liberal studies courses and NURS 1103. For assistance, please contact Transfercredit@georgebrown.ca 3. Students in the Operating Room Perioperative Nursing (S414) and the Registered Practical Nursing – Perioperative (S425) programs a. Students are not Eligible for Transfer Credits and should email the Sally Horsfall Eaton School of Nursing at nursing@georgbrown.ca for assistance. 4. Students in the American Sign Language and Deaf Studies (C114) program a. Students are not Eligible for Transfer Credits and should email the School of Deaf and Deafblind Studies at deafstudies@georgebrown.ca for assistance. b. Credit applications will only be considered for the COMM 2000 course. For assistance, please contact Transfercredit@georgebrown.ca 5. Students in the Child and Youth Care (Accelerated) Program C153 a. The C153 program does not accept transfer credits as credits have already been applied as part of the admission process. 6. Students seeking to transfer a block of credits (Advanced Standing) a. The practice to transfer a block of credits is called Advanced Standing. Students wishing to transfer a block of credits from another accredited post-secondary institution should contact the Admissions Office for assistance. 7. George Brown Students transferring to another George Brown program a. The practice of transferring courses between George Brown programs is called Internal Transfers (Substitutions). Students should contact their Academic Department for more information. 8. Students who wish to receive an academic credit for knowledge and skills acquired through life experiences, such as work or volunteer experience. a. The practicing of granting credits for life experience is called Prior Learning Assessment Recognition (PLAR). Students who wish to explore this option,