also see the reason for denial in the email. Some of the common reasons to deny an application are: 1. Course Content not Equivalent: This means, that after reviewing your application, it was determined that your incoming course content was not equivalent to the George Brown course you wish to receive an exemption for. 2. Minimum Grade not Met: The grade for your incoming course does not meet the minimum requirement for transfer credit. 3. Not Elective Content: The incoming course does not meet the general education elective criteria as per ministry standards. 4. Insufficient Documentation: The College did not receive enough information to evaluate your transfer credit request. See table below for a list of all common reasons for denial. If you have any questions about your application decision, see the Academic Evaluator’s contact information in the decision email or contact your Academic Department for assistance. It is recommended to attach the course outline in the email that is sent to the department. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 21 of 25 22 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application Common Reasons for Denial REASON FOR DENIAL EXPLANATION Course Content Not Equivalent Upon evaluation, it was determined that the incoming course content was not equivalent to the GBC course for which an exemption was requested. This could be due to one or more of the following reasons: • Subject does not match – e.g., student requests exemption from English using a math course • Course outcomes do not match • Not enough overlap of course material • Key components of GBC course are missing from the incoming course Course Level or Hours Not Equivalent The transfer credit request was denied due to one of the following reasons: • The incoming course was taken at a different level than the GBC course – e.g., student’s incoming course was from high school or a college diploma/certificate, but the GBC course is at the degree level. • The incoming course did not have as many hours of instruction as the GBC course Incoming Course is Out of Date Upon evaluation, it was determined that the incoming course was taken too long ago and does not reflect current levels of knowledge. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 22 of 25 23 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application For example, courses can become outdated due to new regulations/laws or advances in technology. In addition, the validity of some courses is limited due to association regulations – RNAO, CGA, HRPA, etc. Insufficient Documentation The College did not receive enough information to evaluate the transfer credit request. This could be due to one or more of the following reasons: • Incorrect course outline submitted – e.g., for the wrong course or the wrong year • Course description is too vague • Course outline needs to be translated into English • External evaluation required from ICAS or WES (for international transcripts) Minimum Grade Not Met The student’s grade in the incoming course does not meet the