differ for students in a continuing education course. If you are a Continuing Education student, please contact the department where the course they want exemption from is being offered. Additional policies and application guides for Continuing Education can be found here. Alternatively, you may complete the steps below to apply as a Continuing Education student: Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 7 of 25 8 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application 1. Log into STU-VIEW 2. Navigate to Card - Transfer Credit – Application & History and click Submit or Modify Transfer Credit. 3. Self Identify as a “Continuing Education” student 4. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the application process *To see the courses for continuing education, you must self identify by choosing the correct program type. Most students are eligible to submit an application online. However, some exceptions may apply, see Students Who Cannot Submit an Application Online for more information. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 8 of 25 9 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application SUBMITTING AN APPLICATION FOR YOUR CORE PROGRAM COURSES We want to encourage early applications for Transfer Credit whenever possible, students will be able to apply and submit transfer credit applications at any point during the semester, for any course affiliated with their program. Our Transfer Credit process adheres to an open application model, it is important for students to be mindful of the applicable dates associated with their upcoming semesters when pursuing transfer credits. For Each Intake: Day 1 – Semester Beings Day 5 – Last Day to Add a Course to the Current Term Day 10 – Last Day to Drop a Course (with partial refund) Students who have their Transfer Credit applications approved before Day 1 for the incoming term they will be automatically dropped from the course IF they are registered in it. If the Transfer Credit is approved after Day 1 but before Day 5 or Day 10 of the term, the student will receive a notification email that they should go back to Registration and drop the course manually. For assistance with dropping a course please reference information here. To view a list of courses that are required for your program, follow the links below: • Post-Secondary Students: Check your Program Page and/or your Academic Progress (CAPP) Report (if available), or the What-If Analysis in STU-VIEW. For elective requirements, see Submitting an Application for Your Elective Requirements. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 9 of 25 10 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • Continuing Education Students: Check the Continuing Education website. What is Required to Submit a Transfer Credit Application? To be considered for transfer credits, students must meet the following criteria: 1. A minimum grade of C- (60%) is required in your previous course. Note, some courses may require a higher minimum grade, and; 2. If not previously submitted, an official transcript or evaluation report from WES or ICAS, and; 3. A course outline/syllabus for