decision reached within 4 weeks although a final decision may take longer in some cases. If you are concerned about how long it is taking, please contact your academic division. How to Check your Application Status? You will receive an email notification when a decision is made. You can also review your application status at anytime, by following the steps below. 1. Log into STU-VIEW 2. Navigate to Card - Transfer Credit – Application & History – View Transfer Credit History. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 19 of 25 20 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application If you have any questions about your application status, contact us for assistance. HOW TO ACCEPT YOUR TRANSFER CREDITS If you’ve applied early and received an approval email before Day 1 of the term you will be automatically dropped from the course IF you are registered in it. If the Transfer Credit is approved after Day 1 but before Day 5 or Day 10 of the term, you will receive a notification email that you should go back to Registration and drop the course manually. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 20 of 25 21 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application Accepting Transfer Credits After the 5th Day of Classes If the Transfer Credit is accepted after Day 5 but before Day 10, you may not be able to add another course to the current term (same if after Day 10 – you may not get a partial refund if withdrawing from the course/program, but you may drop the course without academic penalty). Accepting Transfer Credits as a Continuing Education Student The Transfer Credit Office will process all approved transfer credits to your academic record within 2 – 3 business days from the day your application is approved. You will receive an email notification when your transfer credit is processed. If you wish to stay registered in the approved course, please email the Transfer Credit Office at transfercredit@georgebrown.ca with your student ID and application details and state that you wish to stay registered in the course. WHAT TO DO IF YOUR APPLICATION IS DENIED? All students will receive an email notification when a decision is made. If your application is denied, you will also see the reason for denial in the email. Some of the common reasons to deny an application are: 1. Course Content not Equivalent: This means, that after reviewing your application, it was determined that your incoming course content was not equivalent to the George Brown course you wish to receive an exemption for. 2. Minimum Grade not Met: The grade for your incoming course does not meet the minimum requirement for transfer credit. 3. Not Elective Content: The incoming course does not meet the general education elective criteria as per ministry standards. 4. Insufficient Documentation: The College did not receive enough information to evaluate your transfer credit request. See table below for a list of all common reasons for denial. If you have any questions about your