22 of 25 23 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application For example, courses can become outdated due to new regulations/laws or advances in technology. In addition, the validity of some courses is limited due to association regulations – RNAO, CGA, HRPA, etc. Insufficient Documentation The College did not receive enough information to evaluate the transfer credit request. This could be due to one or more of the following reasons: • Incorrect course outline submitted – e.g., for the wrong course or the wrong year • Course description is too vague • Course outline needs to be translated into English • External evaluation required from ICAS or WES (for international transcripts) Minimum Grade Not Met The student’s grade in the incoming course does not meet the minimum requirement for credit transfer. In general, a minimum grade of C- or 60% in the incoming course is required; however, some GBC courses have higher minimum grade requirements for credit transfer. Not Elective Content The incoming course does not meet the general education elective criteria as per ministry standards. Not Eligible for Exemption Upon evaluation, it was determined that the student is not eligible for an exemption. This could be due to one or more of the following reasons: • Exemptions are not granted for foundation-level GBC courses • The Academic Department does not grant exemptions for the requested GBC course – e.g., all students are required to take this course • An exemption was already granted for the GBC course • The incoming course was already used to exempt the student from a different GBC course • Institutional Residency – Students may be denied a transfer credit if their institutional residency requirement is at risk of being unmet. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 23 of 25 24 of 25 Transfer Credit Master Guide – Online Application • Course at originating institution is an exemption – You must apply with the original graded course. CONTACT US If you require further assistance, please email transfercredit@georgebrown.ca. Office of the Registrar Last Updated July 3rd, 2024. Pages: 24 of 25