month, to the satisfaction of his/her faculty and the Manager of Athletics. Two Subjects Is not permitted to participate in practices or games for a one-month period. The athlete must upgrade his/her grade within one month, to the satisfaction of his/her faculty and the Manager of Athletics. Three Or More Subjects Is not permitted to participate on any varsity team for the subsequent semester. An assessment of the athlete's progress over that semester will be used to determine future participation. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines NON-ACADEMIC POLICIES AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION – 2.3 Athletes Excused from Class Academic success is the top priority for the student athlete. Varsity athletes are encouraged to inform their faculty of their membership on a varsity athletic team. On occasion, the distance that must be travelled to compete may necessitate leaving class early. The faculty is not obliged to excuse the student. Student participation in varsity athletics will depend on how proactive the student is in showing intention to make up any missed work. A form letter stating that the student is a team member is available from the Varsity Coordinator and provides additional documentation should the student need it. 2.4 Academic Studies Support Programs At George Brown College, we value academic success. Our ultimate goal is graduation on time by all student athletes, who work hard to achieve success both in the classroom and in athletic competition. The Athletic Academic Studies Support Program is designed to assist the achievement of academic goals by: - facilitating the athlete's academic success; - regularly reviewing academic progress; - regularly providing feedback and encouragement; - recognizing academic improvement; and - recognizing the achievement of academic excellence. 2.5 Academic Support Service As a student athlete, you will: - know about the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program after attending the first team meeting and reading the athletes' handbook. - discuss your participation in the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program in a one-to-one meeting with the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Advisor, which includes: - your participation in the "faculty feedback process," which occurs at the mid-point of the first and second semester; - your academic progress to date; - academic policies; - College resources and support services available to assist in your academic progress. 2.6 Academic Eligibility Eligibility to participate in varsity athletics is determined by a student athlete's cumulative grade point average (GPA). The cumulative GPA is the student’s overall grade point average, which indicates the student’s full record of academic achievement. The student must maintain a cumulative GPA of 1.70 (diploma programs) or 2.30 (degree programs) or higher to remain eligible to play (one failed subject – probation, two failed subjects – suspension). Incoming student athletes at George Brown College are allowed one semester to establish their cumulative GPA, at which time the eligibility rule takes effect and remains in effect. An athlete with probationary status will be closely monitored. The first unsatisfactory report received by the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Advisor will result in the student’s suspension