Affairs. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines NON-ACADEMIC POLICIES AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION – Lockers are expected to be vacated during the summer months. Students who are enrolled in the summer semester should check with their department about locker assignment for the semester. Any contents found are tagged and kept in the Lost and Found for one month, then discarded. 1.7 Vandalism/Damage to Property Any students caught vandalizing or damaging lockers will be dealt with through their academic departments based on the current disciplinary policies in place in the Student Discipline Policy (Chapter VII). 1.8 Locker Access The College reserves the right to access lockers at its sole discretion if there is a suspected security risk or there is an environmental concern such as pest control or odors. Security has the right to enter a locker at anytime should they suspect it contains items that put the college environment in danger. Any criminal activity will be reported to police. The college is required to provide police with access in the event of a criminal investigation. 2 EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES While participation in Varsity Athletics is an important component of college life, student athletes must remember that the primary purpose of their attendance at the College is the attainment of a diploma/certificate. 2.1 Academic Guidelines A student who is not maintaining a satisfactory academic standard and adequate attendance in his/her educational program will not be permitted to participate in varsity athletics. All athletes are expected to: - attend classes regularly; - abide by the rules and regulations set down by their coaches. Any serious conflicts or problems must be brought to the attention of the Manager of Athletics. - as representatives of the College, conduct themselves in the proper manner at all times and at all places; - respect and obey all the rules and regulations set down by the College including the Student Code of Conduct and the Prevention of Discrimination and Harassment Policies. 2.2 Failing Grades - All athletes must maintain a passing grade in all course subjects. Failing to do so will be handled under the following conditions: # COURSES FAILED O UTCOME One Subject He/She may participate on the varsity team on the condition that the athlete upgrades his/her grade within one month, to the satisfaction of his/her faculty and the Manager of Athletics. Two Subjects Is not permitted to participate in practices or games for a one-month period. The athlete must upgrade his/her grade within one month, to the satisfaction of his/her faculty and the Manager of Athletics. Three Or More Subjects Is not permitted to participate on any varsity team for the subsequent semester. An assessment of the athlete's progress over that semester will be used to determine future participation. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines NON-ACADEMIC POLICIES AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION – 2.3 Athletes Excused from Class Academic success is the top priority for the student athlete. Varsity athletes are encouraged to inform their faculty of their