progress. 2.6 Academic Eligibility Eligibility to participate in varsity athletics is determined by a student athlete's cumulative grade point average (GPA). The cumulative GPA is the student’s overall grade point average, which indicates the student’s full record of academic achievement. The student must maintain a cumulative GPA of 1.70 (diploma programs) or 2.30 (degree programs) or higher to remain eligible to play (one failed subject – probation, two failed subjects – suspension). Incoming student athletes at George Brown College are allowed one semester to establish their cumulative GPA, at which time the eligibility rule takes effect and remains in effect. An athlete with probationary status will be closely monitored. The first unsatisfactory report received by the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Advisor will result in the student’s suspension from varsity athletics until a semester has been passed. A student athlete whose semester GPA has been below 1.70 or 2.30 for two of the previous three semesters must begin an academic counseling program. Varsity Coordinators will initiate this process with the student and the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Advisor. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines NON-ACADEMIC POLICIES AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION – 2.7 Appeal Process A student athlete with an accumulated GPA of less than 1.70 (for diploma programs) or 2.30 (for degree programs) but who has passed one of the previous two semesters may choose to appeal in writing to the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Advisor. The appeal will be considered by the Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Committee, which is comprised of the: - Athletic Academic Studies Support Program Advisor, - the Varsity Coordinator, and - an academic representative (i.e. Program Coordinator or Faculty Designate). The Committee will: - consider the extenuating circumstances surrounding the failing grades in the one semester - may determine that the circumstances justify granting the athlete probationary status for the next semester. The Athletic Academic Studies Support Program goes beyond academic eligibility. It is a program of support for student athletes. Varsity Coordinators and the Academic Studies Support Program Advisor are able to assist varsity athletes in planning their strategies for success and can help students to connect with the College's counseling resources. If necessary, they can act as a link between the student athlete and his/her academic Program Coordinator. Responsibility for academic success lies with the student athlete. The Department of Athletics is committed to assist in the realization of that success. 3 NON-ACADEMIC POLICY COMPLAINTS RESOLUTION George Brown College, in keeping with its commitment to academic excellence, is proud to offer students high-quality programs and services delivered by qualified and dedicated staff. George Brown College places a strong emphasis on providing services and an environment that supports the student’s learning. 3.1 Scope Should a student have a complaint, he or she should approach the manager of the area and outline their concerns. The manager will act on the complaint in a timely manner and keep the complainant apprised. George Brown College wishes to assure students that any concerns they have about the