George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines NON-ACADEMIC POLICIES AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION – The policies covered in this chapter include:  the assignment of student lockers;  policy concerning extracurricular activities; and  non-academic complaints resolution. 1 LOCKER ASSIGNMENT George Brown College is under no obligation to provide student lockers, but does on a first- come, first-served basis. The College endeavours to provide lockers for all full-time day students, in locations as close as possible to their areas of study. A user fee will be set from time to time to cover the costs of administering the program. 1.1 Eligibility Lockers are for use by full-time students only, and not for staff or faculty. They are allocated on a first-come-first-served basis, one per student 1.2 Department Allocation Student Affairs allocate groups of lockers for each academic department, who will then assign lockers to individual programs, based on the numbering system. 1.3 Assignment Lockers are assigned at the start of the fall semester, and at the start of the winter and summer semesters, depending on student intake. Accommodations to rent a locker will be made for students that attend full-time in non-standard semesters by applying in person at the Welcome Desk. Rental periods and fees will be adjusted accordingly by the Welcome Desk Coordinator. Lockers can be booked online or at the Welcome desk at either the St. James of Casa Loma campuses. Students may obtain information about locker assignments and issues regarding lockers from their academic department or on the web. 1.4 Student Use Lockers are expected to be vacated by the end of the rental period for cleaning, repair and re- assignment to new students the following fall. 1.5 Student Responsibility Students are responsible for purchasing their own locks. Locks can be purchased at the George Brown College bookstores. The College is not responsible for items lost or stolen from lockers. Students are totally responsible for their own locker use, safety and maintenance. 1.6 Unauthorized Use If there is suspicion of unauthorized use, the College will post a note on the outside of the locker advising of a notice period to remove contents and book a locker according to College policy and procedures. Upon expiry of the notice time, the lock will be removed with witnesses from Facilities Management, Security and Student Affairs. Reviewed and Approved: Board of Governors June 10, 2009 George Brown College – Academic Policies and Guidelines NON-ACADEMIC POLICIES AND COMPLAINT RESOLUTION – Lockers are expected to be vacated during the summer months. Students who are enrolled in the summer semester should check with their department about locker assignment for the semester. Any contents found are tagged and kept in the Lost and Found for one month, then discarded. 1.7 Vandalism/Damage to Property Any students caught vandalizing or damaging lockers will be dealt with through their academic departments based on the current disciplinary policies in place in the Student Discipline Policy (Chapter VII). 1.8 Locker Access The College reserves the right to access lockers at its sole discretion if there is a suspected security risk or there