Arts (CHCA) printer behaviour at the College and devise strategies to reduce printing. – Implement Chef School Sustainability Blueprint affecting all culinary labs and • Promote increased use of on-line tools Culinary Arts Enterprise run food outlets such as Microsoft Teams, Blackboard by including Chef on the Go, The Café, The all employees. Chefs’ House and catered events at 300 Adelaide St. East. Metrics • Employee device ratio: 6:1 Optimal. Metrics • Reduced volume of purchased • LEAF (LEAFme.org) certification for the photocopy paper. Chef School (Level 2). • Reduced photocopy paper purchase costs. • Percentage Reduction in food waste. • Reduced volume of printing by Xerox • Percentage increase in local food and print centres. beverages purchases. • Percentage increase third party certified 3.5. Food Services sustainable food purchases. Objective • Percentage reduction single use plastics and bottled water. • Reduce the environmental impacts of food services and dining operations. • Increased number of catered events with organics diversion. • Model sustainability best practices in College run, contractor operated • Percentage Energy Star Appliances/ cafeterias, and College hosted catered equipment. meetings and events. • Where feasible encourage franchise operations to align with sustainability principles and practices. 3.6. Energy Management Strategies Waste Audits and Consolidated Annual Objective Reporting Reduce the College’s carbon footprint by • Carry out annual waste audits for each 80 percent below 2005 levels by 2050, by campus to determine the annual waste continuously reducing energy demands across diversion rate for George Brown College all college owned properties by: resulting from existing waste reduction, – reducing energy consumption, reuse, recycling and composting programs. – reducing greenhouse gas emissions and • Continue to implement consolidated – introducing an energy conservation program. annual reporting of all waste and diversion streams to augment waste data. Work Plan • Use waste audit data to identify point • Relinquish older and inefficient buildings. of generation, to quantify composition of wastes and to identify areas for high • Replace older plant infrastructure with priority action. more effective and efficient equipment. • Install LED lighting and occupancy sensors • Identify any additional opportunities for waste reduction and diversion that may exist. to all owned properties. • Plan for the Arbour building to be net Annual Waste Reduction Action Plan zero carbon through use of mass timber • Engage and educate the College and passive energy solutions. community to use materials efficiently, • Replace ineffective building envelope minimize production of waste and conditions (windows, doors etc.) maximize recyclability. • Develop District Energy agreements for • Continue hand dryer installation program to Arbour and Daphne Cockwell. reduce/eliminate paper towels college wide. • Product packaging take-back program for 3.7. Solid Waste Reduction Plan divisional purchases e.g. ITS, CHCA etc. • Develop policy for waste management and Objective recycling college wide including a standard • Minimize production of waste and protocol for recycling system at offices. maximize recycling to achieve a total diversion rate of 70percent in line with • Develop a more detailed Waste Reduction Action Plan to achieve waste reduction the City of Toronto’s Long-Term Waste and recycling/diversion