Engagement — Collaborating and innovating to develop best practices for a sustainable future. 1. SUSTAINABILITY PLAN—KNOWLEDGE Over-Arching Objective Graduates have knowledge and skills that incorporate sustainability into their discipline(s). Every active program contains a minimum of one learning outcome relating to social, environmental or economic sustainability. 1.1. Sustainability in Curriculum Work Plan • Explore ways to integrate Education for Objective Sustainability (EfS) resources and guidance 2019/2020: Academic Excellence Program with the Teaching and Learning Exchange Review Office to revisit results of 2014 (TLX) team. audit of sustainability learning to establish • Organize Lunch & Learn sessions whether programs identified as having zero with guest speakers on Education for sustainability-related learning outcomes have Sustainability topics tailored to select closed the gap by adding one or more Academic Centres. sustainability-related learning outcomes. • Support faculty led College initiatives Work Plan such as the annual Tommy Douglas • Programs that have closed the gap and Institute Conference which focuses on met the 2014 goal will be added to an different themes related to social equity, update/conclusion of the 2014 report. justice and sustainability. • Programs that have not yet closed the gap • Include professional development can request Curriculum Specialist assistance resources, best practices, and information from OAE to help them do the following: related to Education for Sustainability on the College’s sustainability web-site. – identify a candidate course for a sustainability-related learning outcome; – articulate a measurable, discipline- focused sustainability learning outcome within the identified course; – confirm to Academic Management Committee that they have closed the gap and met the 2014 goal. Target Every College program includes at least one course with at least one sustainability-related learning outcome. 1.2. Resources for Faculty Objective: Faculty have tools, information and guidance to increase their understanding of what is meant by Education for Sustainability (EfS) generally and in their vocational areas and apply that knowledge in their teaching. 2. SUSTAINABILITY PLAN—ENGAGEMENT Over-Arching Objective The George Brown College community collaborates and acts on sustainability initiatives and practices that keep us on a sustainable path. 2.1. Communications Program Work Plan • Provide opportunities for George Objective Brown College community engagement The College has an effective and purposeful directly related to reducing the College’s communications program for external and eco-footprint. internal audiences to inform them about the College’s sustainability efforts and to • Provide a carbon footprint management tool to educate staff and students promote buy-in, behaviour change and to improve the determinants of low- support of sustainability practices. carbon behaviours, to promote low- 2.2. Sustainability Web-Site carbon concepts and to facilitate their carbon management. Objective • Focus on improvements that foster the The College has an effective and informative reduction of carbon and/or eco-footprints. web-site that promotes, engages and • Use the information from this educates internal and external audiences engagement in decision making by college about the College sustainability initiatives personnel responsible for determining and plans. operating processes for their Division. Work plan Update the content, layout and overall design Tactics/Examples of Behavioral Changes: of the Sustainability web presence. • Enterprise wide video communications using a reliable