to • Provide a carbon footprint management tool to educate staff and students promote buy-in, behaviour change and to improve the determinants of low- support of sustainability practices. carbon behaviours, to promote low- 2.2. Sustainability Web-Site carbon concepts and to facilitate their carbon management. Objective • Focus on improvements that foster the The College has an effective and informative reduction of carbon and/or eco-footprints. web-site that promotes, engages and • Use the information from this educates internal and external audiences engagement in decision making by college about the College sustainability initiatives personnel responsible for determining and plans. operating processes for their Division. Work plan Update the content, layout and overall design Tactics/Examples of Behavioral Changes: of the Sustainability web presence. • Enterprise wide video communications using a reliable platform for video and Target audio conferencing, chat, and webinars Updated web-site including Sustainability Plan etc. in place of some on-site meeting. Report available on-line. • Telecommuting; Hoteling (temporary office carrels). Metrics Increase in web-site traffic compared to • Process automation (software like asset and contract management software, paper current levels. cut etc.). • Going paperless, digitize wherever 2.3. Process Stewardship Initiative possible (See Paper Conservation section). Objective • Purchase of environmentally friendly office Identify college processes that if altered, supplies (See Green Purchasing section). would promote the college guiding principles of achieving carbon neutrality, Metrics demonstrating innovation and exercising • Percentage employees telecommuting climate stewardship. and/or hotelling • Increased percentage of eco-friendly office product purchases. 2.4. Student Sustainability Awareness and 2.5. Sustainability: Funding/Financing Education Opportunities Mechanisms for Sustainability Objective Objective Students have opportunities to experience The College has a sustainable resource/ the practice of sustainability in their funding model to support sustainability campus experience through peer-to-peer initiatives and actions. sustainability outreach and learning, in extra/co-curricular activities and/or by Work Plan collaborating with different areas of the Explore options/alternative resources College on special projects. to fund sustainability initiatives and actions including: Work Plan – Develop new collaborative funding • WWF Living Planet Leadership Program: partnership with community, corporate, Provide opportunities for students to foundation and private entities to support participate in the WWF’s Living Planet sustainability initiatives at the College. Leader program which requires students – Leverage existing relationships with vendors, to demonstrate sustainability leadership, industry partners, etc. to uncover new sources teamwork, and an understanding of of funding for sustainability initiatives, (e.g., sustainability as it applies to their area redirection of rebates and incentives) of study. – Investigate with Facilities Management and • Student Sustainability Squad: The Student Finance the viability of establishing a revolving Association supports a Sustainability sustainability fund from utility savings. Club for student led sustainability action, – Explore and take advantage of new awareness building and campaigns. and innovative sources of governmental (municipal, provincial, federal) funding for • The George Eco Residence Committee: sustainability initiatives. The George has a student Green Committee that works on practical – Work with the College’s Finance Office to environmental projects and campaigns for investigate possible financial /budgetary students living in residence to promote measures to incentivize and fund environmental stewardship. sustainability initiatives (e.g.,