of of funding for sustainability initiatives, (e.g., sustainability as it applies to their area redirection of rebates and incentives) of study. – Investigate with Facilities Management and • Student Sustainability Squad: The Student Finance the viability of establishing a revolving Association supports a Sustainability sustainability fund from utility savings. Club for student led sustainability action, – Explore and take advantage of new awareness building and campaigns. and innovative sources of governmental (municipal, provincial, federal) funding for • The George Eco Residence Committee: sustainability initiatives. The George has a student Green Committee that works on practical – Work with the College’s Finance Office to environmental projects and campaigns for investigate possible financial /budgetary students living in residence to promote measures to incentivize and fund environmental stewardship. sustainability initiatives (e.g., charge backs for paper use, utilities, etc.) Metrics – Work with the George Brown College Foundation and Alumni Office to create • Number of Students participate in WWF new fundraising opportunities specifically Living Planet at Campus Program. to fund academic scholarships and/or other • Number of student-run Sustainability learning opportunities for students related Squad sustainability events. to sustainability. • The College sends a team of students to participate in the WWF Designing Metrics Change competition. • Volume of Funds raised. • Number of sustainability events per • Number of Special Projects realized. academic year at The George. Target • Replicate the CCET Sustainability Scholarship model in one other Academic Ctr. • One “partnership” project (either with private sector, NGO, community or other). 3. SUSTAINABILITY PLAN — ECO-FOOTPRINT Over-Arching Objective To be a leader in sustainability by reducing the eco and carbon footprint of the College’s facilities, operations, procurement and future building plans. 3.1. Product Stewardship/Materials Work Plan • Promote supplier awareness of climate Management stewardship through a Supplier Sustainability Assessment. Objective Develop a circular economy plan for the • Use the information from this engagement college by reducing the life-cycle impacts of to inform decision making by college products the college purchases. personnel responsible for ordering goods for their Division to affect a positive Work Plan environmental and socio-economic impact. • Identify difficult to recycle materials and identify alternative material Target substitutes, product replacements and/or Distribute Supplier Sustainability Assessment recycling opportunities. Questionnaire to key vendors in 2019. • Promote conservation, reuse, environmentally Metrics friendly decision making both internally and with the supplier community. • Number of vendors engaged. • Quality of responses from vendors. Goal • Divisional use of information in Successfully transform at least one “waste” decision-making. product into a circular economy solution. • Number of students engaged Metrics • Volume of specialty materials diverted 3.3. Process Improvements (Paper) from landfill. Objectives • Number of developed plans for reuse, • Reduce the College’s consumption of recycling or replacement. paper resources. • Divisional use of information in • Reduce use of mail services College-wide. decision making. Work Plan 3.2. Supplier Climate Stewardship • Pay some vendors by Visa Pay and pay students through e-payment. Awareness and Education Software • Campus Stores to move to electronic Objective invoices and payments. Create an evidence-based supplier •