both internally and with the supplier community. • Number of vendors engaged. • Quality of responses from vendors. Goal • Divisional use of information in Successfully transform at least one “waste” decision-making. product into a circular economy solution. • Number of students engaged Metrics • Volume of specialty materials diverted 3.3. Process Improvements (Paper) from landfill. Objectives • Number of developed plans for reuse, • Reduce the College’s consumption of recycling or replacement. paper resources. • Divisional use of information in • Reduce use of mail services College-wide. decision making. Work Plan 3.2. Supplier Climate Stewardship • Pay some vendors by Visa Pay and pay students through e-payment. Awareness and Education Software • Campus Stores to move to electronic Objective invoices and payments. Create an evidence-based supplier • Carry out survey of paper forms still being engagement tool that demonstrates used and devise strategies to replace with leadership in exercising climate stewardship, electronic forms. reduction in our ecological footprint and establishes a composite measure that Metrics informs sustainable development and Cost savings from mailing service (postage, ecological economics. envelopes and labour). 3.4. Paper Conservation & Photocopier Work Plan a) Food and Beverage Purchasing: Fleet Optimization – Increase the percentage of local (Ontario) Objectives and sustainable food purchases; Reduce the environmental impacts of paper – Work towards becoming a certified Fair consumption, and reduce paper waste, by Trade Campus. reducing printing and use of other associated – Develop a College policy related to sale consumables (toners, etc.). of single serve bottled water. Work Plan b) Dining Operations (Waste & Energy Management): • Replace photocopy machines with larger – Collect post-consumer food waste at catered events of greater than 50 people volume, more energy efficient, strategically at all campus locations. placed machines and reduce associated paper use via greater printer controls. – Upgrade Cafeteria and CHCA kitchen appliances and equipment to be Energy • Develop a College Print Policy to control Star certified. printing at the College including mandating duplex printing and maximum c) Campus Living Centres: print limits on copiers. – Develop sustainability guidelines for all caterers at The George and the • Phase out desk top printers. Blackburn Convention Centre located at • Utilize the Paper Cut Print Management 80 Cooperage Street. software to track printing and control d) Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts (CHCA) printer behaviour at the College and devise strategies to reduce printing. – Implement Chef School Sustainability Blueprint affecting all culinary labs and • Promote increased use of on-line tools Culinary Arts Enterprise run food outlets such as Microsoft Teams, Blackboard by including Chef on the Go, The Café, The all employees. Chefs’ House and catered events at 300 Adelaide St. East. Metrics • Employee device ratio: 6:1 Optimal. Metrics • Reduced volume of purchased • LEAF (LEAFme.org) certification for the photocopy paper. Chef School (Level 2). • Reduced photocopy paper purchase costs. • Percentage Reduction in food waste. • Reduced volume of printing by Xerox • Percentage increase in local food and print centres. beverages purchases. • Percentage increase third party certified 3.5. Food Services sustainable