6.0 Student Course Load 6.1 Status: The Registrar's Office provides the respective official certification of students' full- or part-time enrolment status based on MTCU guidelines. Please note that the standard academic course load may vary across programs. Students who have a question related to their enrolment status should contact a George Brown Student service representative. 7 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 6.2 Accessibility: Students who are registered with Accessible Learning Services may be eligible to retain full-time status with a reduced course load and extend the time limitations on full time study as defined in section 6.4. Students who may require accommodations must register with Accessible Learning Services to ensure that they receive appropriate accommodations: [https://www.georgebrown.ca/accessible-learning-services/how-to-register.aspx] 6.3 Repeating Passed Courses: Students who wish to repeat a course that they have passed to improve their grade may do so with permission from the program’s Chair. The option to repeat a passed course is conditional upon availability. Precedence will be given to students taking the course for the first time. The highest grade achieved in repeated courses will be used in the calculation of program GPA. 6.4 Time Limitations on Full-time Study: [Note: For non-postsecondary programs, students should consult the Chair for information relating to time limits.] 1 year program: Maximum of 3 years 2 year program: Maximum of 4 years 3 year program: Maximum of 5 years 4 year program: Maximum of 6 years Programs taken through Continuing Education: GBC Certificate programs: Maximum of 3 years Ontario College Certificate program: Maximum of 6 years Ontario College Diploma programs: Maximum of 6 years 6.4.1 Under exceptional circumstances, the time limitation may be extended at the discretion of the Registrar, upon the recommendation of the Dean of the student's School or Centre. 6.4.2 A student taking a post-secondary program on a part-time basis must adhere to time limitations outlined above. 7.0 Graduation 7.1 Graduation from a program and receipt of a certificate, diploma, or degree is dependent upon: 7.1.1 Successful completion of all course requirements of the program of study as outlined in Section 2.4 of the Office of the Registrar Policies. 8 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 7.1.2 Fulfilment of the twenty-five percent (25%) of a program’s credit courses institutional residency requirement as outlined in Section 11.2 of the Office of the Registrar Policies. 7.1.3 A program GPA value of 1.70 for a diploma program, or 2.30 for a degree program. 7.2 Multiple Diplomas: Students may qualify for more than one diploma by applying common courses toward multiple diplomas. Students should declare their intention to do so to the Office of the Registrar in the first term of their graduating year. 7.3 Alternate Certification: Students who leave the college before completing their full program may be awarded an alternate certification (e.g. a two-year diploma instead of a three-year advanced diploma or a one-year program certificate instead of a two-year diploma). 7.4 Full-time & Part-time Students and Applications to Graduate: Applications to graduate are automatically generarted for all full-time students who meet eligibility requirements. Part-time students must