or diploma program) and 2.30 (degree program) (i.e. if they fail to meet the conditions of their probation) and were not given permission by their Promotion Committee to continue in the program. 4.2.2 Repeating Failed Courses: Students who fail a course in their program of study must repeat the course. A student who fails a course will be placed on Academic Probation by the Promotion Committee. Students should 6 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 meet with their program’s academic coordinator to discuss academic supports and to clarify details related to progression through their program. Students may repeat a failed course a maximum of two times. In exceptional circumstances the program Chair may allow a student to repeat a course more than two times. The highest grade achieved in repeated courses will be used in the calculation of program GPA and in CAPP. 4.3 Readmission after Academic Failure: Students seeking readmission to the college following an academic failure must follow the processes outlined in Section 18 of the Office of the Registrar Policies [http://www.georgebrown.ca/policies/or.pdf]. 4.4 Voluntary Withdrawal: Students who wish either to voluntarily withdraw from a program or those seeking readmission after voluntarily withdrawing must follow the processes outlined in Section 3.3 of the Office of the Registrar Policies. 5.0 Prerequisite and Co-requisite Courses 5.1 Prerequisite Courses: George Brown College programs may designate courses as prerequisites. These courses are designed to be completed in a specific sequence. These sequences are designed to support student learning in the program. It is the student’s responsibility to ensure that they are registered in and complete all appropriate prerequisite courses. 5.2 Co-requisite Courses: George Brown College programs may designate that certain courses or practical experiences must be taken at the same time to support student learning in a program. If a student fails a co-requisite course, the student may be required to repeat both courses and/or practical experiences. It is the student’s responsibility to ensure that they are registered in and complete all appropriate co-requisite courses. 5.3 Communication: George Brown College programs that include pre- or co-requisite courses must make this information available to students. 5.4 Exceptions: A student wishing to enrol in a course for which the student does not have the stated course prerequisite(s) or co-requisites must receive permission from the program coordinator. 6.0 Student Course Load 6.1 Status: The Registrar's Office provides the respective official certification of students' full- or part-time enrolment status based on MTCU guidelines. Please note that the standard academic course load may vary across programs. Students who have a question related to their enrolment status should contact a George Brown Student service representative. 7 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 6.2 Accessibility: Students who are registered with Accessible Learning Services may be eligible to retain full-time status with a reduced course load and extend the time limitations on full time study as defined in section 6.4. Students who may require accommodations must register with Accessible Learning Services to ensure that they receive appropriate accommodations: [https://www.georgebrown.ca/accessible-learning-services/how-to-register.aspx] 6.3 Repeating Passed Courses: Students who wish to