that protect the integrity of academic programs, with a primary focus on student success. 1.3 George Brown is committed to promoting a culture of informed, supported student decision- making by ensuring that students: 1.3.1 Have access to information relating to relevant program-level requirements for promotion and progression, and have access to an academic progress report. 1.3.2 Have access to their academic records and standing in courses at all times on Stuview, the college’s student information system: https://stuview.georgebrown.ca/. 1.4 Students are responsible for meeting all program requirements for graduation. 2.0 Program Progression 4 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 2.1 Progression through a program of study and achievement of course and program learning outcomes depends upon the successful completion of courses. This includes all course prerequisites and co-requisites [see Section 5.0 of this policy]. 2.2 Each George Brown Academic Division determines and communicates its specific program requirements for progression through each semester to the Office of the Registrar. 2.3 Courses that are a part of a program of study may be considered successfully completed through advanced standing, transfer of academic credit, prior learning assessment and recognition, course exemptions or course substitutions. 2.4 The Office of the Registrar awards credentials to students who have satisfactorily met all college and program requirements as outlined in Office of the Registrar Policies: [see Section 11 http://www.georgebrown.ca/policies/or.pdf for details]. 2.5 Promotion Meeting [See “Definitions” section for description]: 2.5.1 At the end of each term [or at otherwise determined appropriate program-specific intervals], each student who has not met the academic requirements of the program for graduation has their academic record reviewed at a Promotion Meeting. 2.5.2 The Promotion Meeting participants review the academic records of those students and determines whether or not the student may progress into their program’s next semester. 2.5.3 If the Promotion Meeting membership decides that the student is placed on probationary standing, is removed from their program, or has other special circumstances affecting their promotion, the decision is communicated to the student via Stuview and/or by their program chair. 2.5.4 Any student wishing to appeal the decision of a Promotion Committee must contact their program Chair and follow the process outlined in the Academic Appeals Policy: [http://www.georgebrown.ca/policies/appeals.pdf]. 3.0 Academic Standing (as defined in the Office of the Registrar Policy) 3.1 There are four levels of academic standing: (I) Honours Standing, (II) Good Standing, (III) Probationary Standing [see Section 4.0], and (IV) Removed from Program. [Detailed descriptions of each found in the “Definitions” section.] Two types of averages may be used in reference to a student’s academic standing. A term grade point average (TGPA) is based on the courses taken in a single term, while the cumulative program grade point average (CGPA) takes into account all completed credit courses at the time of calculation. 3.1.1 A student must achieve a TGPA of 1.70 (diploma/certificate program) or 2.30 (degree program) to qualify for promotion to their next term. 5 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 3.1.2 A student must achieve at least a program GPA value of 1.70 (diploma/certificate program) or