of academic standing: (I) Honours Standing, (II) Good Standing, (III) Probationary Standing [see Section 4.0], and (IV) Removed from Program. [Detailed descriptions of each found in the “Definitions” section.] Two types of averages may be used in reference to a student’s academic standing. A term grade point average (TGPA) is based on the courses taken in a single term, while the cumulative program grade point average (CGPA) takes into account all completed credit courses at the time of calculation. 3.1.1 A student must achieve a TGPA of 1.70 (diploma/certificate program) or 2.30 (degree program) to qualify for promotion to their next term. 5 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 3.1.2 A student must achieve at least a program GPA value of 1.70 (diploma/certificate program) or 2.30 (degree program) to graduate. 3.1.3 A program GPA value of 3.50 (diploma/certificate program) or 3.70 (degree program) is the minimum requirement for honours standing. 3.1.4 Students must refer to divisional and/or program level promotional policies for program-specific requirements regarding the clearing of failures or missed courses. 4.0 Probationary Standing and Academic Holds 4.1 Probationary Standing: If a student obtains a GPA of less than 1.70 (certificate or diploma program) or 2.30 (degree program) in the current term, the Promotion Committee may allow them to continue in the program on probationary standing. 4.1.1 A student on probation may be asked to sign, and meet terms outlined in, a probationary contract in order to continue to progress in their program. 4.1.2 Probation is lifted when the student achieves a program GPA of greater than 1.70 (certificate or diploma program) or 2.30 (degree program). 4.1.3 A student on probation whose TGPA is 2.00 or better, but whose program GPA remains less than 1.70, will be allowed to continue in the program while remaining on probationary standing. 4.1.4 Students who fail to meet the requirements of their probation may be withdrawn from the program. 4.2 Academic Failure and Academic Holds [See “Definitions” in this policy for a description]: Students who are designated on AC Hold subject to departmental requirements are not eligible to register for a George Brown Program until they are reinstated. 4.2.1 A George Brown student will be designated on AC Hold if, in the previous two terms, they obtained a TGPA of less than 1.70 (certificate or diploma program) and 2.30 (degree program) (i.e. if they fail to meet the conditions of their probation) and were not given permission by their Promotion Committee to continue in the program. 4.2.2 Repeating Failed Courses: Students who fail a course in their program of study must repeat the course. A student who fails a course will be placed on Academic Probation by the Promotion Committee. Students should 6 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 meet with their program’s academic coordinator to discuss academic supports and to clarify details related to progression through their program. Students may repeat a failed course a maximum of two times. In exceptional circumstances the program Chair may allow a student to repeat a course more than two times. The