diploma program) and 2.30 (degree program) and were not given permission by their Promotion Committee to continue in the program. A student will also be removed if they fail two consecutive terms in their program (i.e. if they fail to meet the conditions of their Probationary Contract). Accommodation Services, adaptations, adjustments and/or strategies to equalize opportunities for a person in meeting the essential requirements of applying for or achieving the learning outcomes in a course or program. Appropriate accommodation provides individuals with an equal opportunity to attain an equitable level of performance and mastery of learning outcomes that is experienced by others. Examples include reasonable time off to observe religious holidays or providing additional time during exams for students with disabilities. Chair The academic administrator with most immediate responsibility for the program. This individual may have the title ‘Chair’ or ‘Director’ (in the absence of a Chair), depending on the program. Curriculum The CAPP tool helps students to evaluate their progress against the program Advising & requirements. Students can create a credential evaluation, view results and print Program these results using this tool. Evaluations are based on the program they are 2 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 Planning (CAPP) currently registered in and are not considered to be official college documents. Tool Credential The credential that the college awards; examples include: Degree: The degree is the highest graduation document awarded by the college. This document is awarded to graduates who complete a MAESD approved degree program. Ontario College Advanced Diploma: This document is awarded to graduates from a six semester (or more) MAESD approved program. Ontario College Diploma: This document is awarded to graduates from a four semester MAESD approved program. Ontario College Graduate Certificate: The Ontario College Graduate certificate is awarded to students who complete a MAESD approved post-graduate certificate program. Ontario College Certificate: This document is awarded to graduates from a one, two or three semester MAESD approved program. George Brown Certificate: This certificate is awarded to graduates who complete a MAESD approved program or Continuous Learning program consisting of MAESD approved credit courses. Failure, A student is refused the ability to continue in their program due to inadequate Academic academic performance (as defined on pages 2, 5, and 6 of this policy). Institutional Full-time Programs: Twenty-five percent (25%) of the credit courses in a declared Residency program of study must be earned at George Brown College over and above Requirement exemptions, Advanced Standing and Prior Learning Assessment credits. Continuing Education: Fifty percent (50%) of the credit courses in a declared program of study must be earned at George Brown College over and above exemptions, Advanced Standing and Prior Learning Assessment credits for programs eligible for George Brown College certificates. Learning Learning outcomes are statements of what a learner is expected to know, Outcomes understand and/or be able to demonstrate after completion of a course of study. Learning outcomes are clearly stated in the course outline. Ministry of The MTCU is responsible for the administration of laws relating to education and Training, skills training. For more