(25%) of the credit courses in a declared Residency program of study must be earned at George Brown College over and above Requirement exemptions, Advanced Standing and Prior Learning Assessment credits. Continuing Education: Fifty percent (50%) of the credit courses in a declared program of study must be earned at George Brown College over and above exemptions, Advanced Standing and Prior Learning Assessment credits for programs eligible for George Brown College certificates. Learning Learning outcomes are statements of what a learner is expected to know, Outcomes understand and/or be able to demonstrate after completion of a course of study. Learning outcomes are clearly stated in the course outline. Ministry of The MTCU is responsible for the administration of laws relating to education and Training, skills training. For more information go to the Ministry website: Colleges and https://www.ontario.ca/page/ministry-training-colleges-universities. The Ministry Universities of Training, Colleges and Universities is responsible for the administration of laws (MTCU) relating to education and skills training. For more information go to the Ministry 3 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 website: https://www.ontario.ca/page/ministry-training-colleges-universities. Policy A statement of basic principles, rules, regulations and/or guidelines, developed and enforced to direct and/or limit actions and activities Prior learning Prior learning assessment & recognition (PLAR) is a process that gives students the assessment & opportunity to obtain academic credit for one or more courses in a certificate, recognition diploma or degree. Students must demonstrate they have acquired the necessary (PLAR) skills and knowledge through life experiences. These may include work, training, independent study, volunteering, travel, hobbies and family experiences. Program An approved combination of courses in a subject area(s) that fulfils the requirements for a degree, diploma, advanced diploma or certificate. Promotion Promotion Meeting membership is determined at the program level. Participants Meetings determine whether or not a student may progress into the next term based on the student’s academic performance as per the criteria outlined in this policy. Once the Committee’s decision is final, program promotion status, or standing, is sent to the Registrar. POLICY 1.0 General Principles 1.1 George Brown College’s Promotion and Progression policies are developed and updated in compliance with relevant policies and frameworks published by The Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities (MTCU) [See definitions for description]. 1.2 George Brown’s Promotion and Progression policy seeks to establish standards that protect the integrity of academic programs, with a primary focus on student success. 1.3 George Brown is committed to promoting a culture of informed, supported student decision- making by ensuring that students: 1.3.1 Have access to information relating to relevant program-level requirements for promotion and progression, and have access to an academic progress report. 1.3.2 Have access to their academic records and standing in courses at all times on Stuview, the college’s student information system: https://stuview.georgebrown.ca/. 1.4 Students are responsible for meeting all program requirements for graduation. 2.0 Program Progression 4 George Brown College Promotion and Progression Policy September 2019 2.1 Progression through a program of study and achievement of course and program learning outcomes depends upon the successful completion of courses. This includes all course prerequisites