norovirus (PIDAC, 2012) • Floor Mats will be cleaned and disinfected daily but if cleaning is adequate it will be removed and replaced • Toothpaste Tubes will be individually labeled and stored separately. If the toothpaste is shared amongst children, then toothpaste will be dispensed onto paper towel and applied to individual toothbrush • Pacifiers/Soothers will be individually labeled and stored in a clean place and to ensure that they are not touching each other and are not shared among children • Blood and Body Fluid - will follow info sheet for cleaning of these fluids • Children’s soiled linen will be put into a plastic bag and put in children’s cubby for families to take home and launder. Sleep Equipment: ** To ensure that this activity is carried out in a sanitary manner, the following procedures and practices will be followed: • Each infant will have a designated crib with their name on it while the older children will have an assigned cot labeled with their individual name. • Before usage (prior to re-assigning crib/cot to another child), sleep equipment will be cleaned and disinfected • Crib mattresses are made of cleanable material • Crib mattresses will be cleaned and disinfected immediately when soiled or wet • Bedding (sheets and blankets) will be assigned to each child and laundered weekly and will be washed immediately when soiled or wet TOYS: Toys and play-based learning enhance children’s sense of touch, sight, taste, smell and hearing, but toys are also excellent transmitters for the spread of disease-causing microorganisms. In order to reduce the risk of disease transmission to children when playing with toys and sensory play materials, Staff and children will follow the: Procedures and Practices: • Toys will be inspected for damage, cracked or broken parts and any broken ones are discarded. Toys will be maintained in good repair. • Toys will be cleaned prior to disinfection. • Small toys will be disinfected using the commercial dishwasher in the kitchen during off peak times when there is no food preparation. If dishwasher is not available, then the 3 compartment sink method will be used. • Toys will be air-dried before putting them into storage. • Large toys (too big for the commercial dishwasher) will be cleaned with a soap solution, disinfected with bleach and wiped dry. • Big soft/ flush toys will be discouraged in the centre. With small soft/flush toys, they will be washed with detergent daily in the washing machine and put into the dryer. 2 Staff will keep a log of the cleaning and disinfecting schedule in each playroom. Frequency of cleaning and disinfecting will vary depending on the age group and the handling of the toys. • Infant (under 18 months) - frequently touched toys that are mouthed or contaminated by body fluids will be cleaned and disinfected daily (or as necessary). • Toddler (18 – 30 months) & Preschool (>30 months – 5 years): -frequently touched toys will be cleaned and disinfected weekly (or as necessary); • School Age (5 – 12 years): frequently touched toys will