hygiene must be practiced before putting on and after taking off gloves • Gloves must be removed immediately and discarded into a waste receptacle after each use *** Use rubber gloves when handling chemical agents and for cleaning and disinfection and medical-type gloves (latex free) for diaper change *** Use gloves that are clean and dry & as short a time as possible to reduce skin irritation 5 DIAPERING AND TOILETING: Diapering and toileting can pose a risk of communicable disease transmission. It is important to follow proper hand washing procedures during and after each diaper change routine in order to prevent the spread and control of diseases. Even though toileting routine is different from diaper change but the risks and successful (IPAC- Infection Prevention and Control Measures) are the same, such as hand-washing sinks, disinfectants, and gloves are required. Procedures and Practices • A designated diaper changing area with suitable diaper change table/mat; • A separate hand wash sink within the diaper changing area with soap in a dispenser, running hot and cold water, and paper towels. This sink will be washed and disinfected at least daily and it is not to be used for food preparation, rinsing soiled clothing or toy washing. • Single use disposable gloves in stock (per Public Health) • Separate diapers and ointments/creams for each child & labeled with child’s name • A suitable disinfectant • Separate diaper garbage pail • Separate paper towel garbage pail “Diaper Routine and Toilet Routine” current posters (from Toronto Public Health): will be posted in each diapering areas. Toileting routine may differ from the diaper change, but the risks and successful IPAC interventions are the same (hand washing sinks, disinfectants, and gloves are required) Garbage pails: will have a leak proof plastic liner and must be foot activated. *** The diaper changing area is separated from the food preparation area. The use of gloves is required as a barrier to the transmission of communicable diseases during the diaper change routine. During toileting routine: - Staff will assist children using the toilets and taking and putting on their under wears and clothing according to their developmental needs; - Staff will model and monitor proper hand washing procedures to children using a sink with soap and hot and cold running water, and always remember to use the paper towel to turn off the water tap; - children will be directed and reminded to throw their wet paper towels in the proper garbage pail, and not in the diaper pail. 6 PEST CONTROL Pest infestation is a health hazard and a risk for structural damage. Pest such as mice, rats and cockroaches pose a potential health risk as they are known to carry disease and can trigger or worsen asthma symptoms in individuals. Our Lab Child Care Centre will follow and implement an Integrated Pest Management (IPM) program. The core principles of IPM involve eliminating pests’ access to food, water and shelter (College of Agricultural Sciences, 2015). Procedures and Practices: • Regular cleaning of rooms (especially food preparation areas), closets, cupboards and storage