LAUNDRY: Bedding materials and improper laundering of bedding materials may increase the risk of communicable disease transmission. Sheets and cot covers can harbour microorganisms due to the moist and warm environment, hence it is important that Staff follow: 3 Procedures and Practices: • Crib and cot sheets, towels, face clothes, cushions covers, etc. will be gathered into a laundry hamper or basket, transported to the laundry room and put into the washing machine directly. Items will be dried in the dryer and folded and distributed back to the perspective rooms and stored separately from soiled or dirty items. HAND HYGIENE: Background information: Every person has two categories of microorganisms on their skin, sometimes called transient and resident bacteria. Transient bacteria colonize on the upper layers of one’s skin and are acquired from direct contact with children, adults, contaminated objects and/or the environment. These bacteria can easily pass on to others or from objects in the environment (called fomites) and are a frequent cause of infections. However, effective hand hygiene will kill or remove transient bacteria on the skin and reduces the risk of transmitting communicable diseases to others. Resident bacteria are found in the deeper layers of skin and are more resistant to removal. However, these bacteria do not generally cause infections and can be beneficial to maintain healthy skin. *** Studies have demonstrated that hand washing in Lab Child Care Centres significantly reduces diarrhoeal and respiratory illness. Hand hygiene involves the removal or destruction of visible soil and transient microorganisms from the hands. Intact skin is the first line of defense against bacteria, hence presence of dermatitis, cracks, cuts or abrasions can trap bacteria and compromise hand hygiene. It is essential that Staff and children keep their hands clean and practice proper hand hygiene! Procedures and Practices Staff, students, families, volunteers,visitors and children will wash their hands: • Upon arrival and/or entry into any room, • Before initial contact with children or handling items in the room; • Before and after glove use, • After toileting, • Before preparing, handling or serving food or giving medication, • After treatment/care involving blood, body fluids, secretions and excretions of children or Staff, even if gloves were worn, • Before and after handling pets (only if pets are permitted in your facility as per the lease agreement) • Staff will assist children with cleaning hands before eating snacks and lunches and after washroom routines. In addition, whenever children dirty their hands while playing in the room and during outdoor play. Note: 1. Current Hand hygiene posters from Toronto Public Health are posted at every designated hand washing sink (both adult and children). 2. Each hand washing sink have hot and cold running water, liquid soap in 4 a dispenser and paper towels. Hand Sanitizer and Soap and Water: a) Staff will use Hand sanitizing with ABHR (alcohol-based hand rubs) containing 70% to 90% when hands are not visibly soiled. ABHR product that contains an emollient (moisturizer) is strongly recommended because it will decrease “irritant contact dermatitis” under frequent use conditions”. b) Staff will wash