agreement) • Staff will assist children with cleaning hands before eating snacks and lunches and after washroom routines. In addition, whenever children dirty their hands while playing in the room and during outdoor play. Note: 1. Current Hand hygiene posters from Toronto Public Health are posted at every designated hand washing sink (both adult and children). 2. Each hand washing sink have hot and cold running water, liquid soap in 4 a dispenser and paper towels. Hand Sanitizer and Soap and Water: a) Staff will use Hand sanitizing with ABHR (alcohol-based hand rubs) containing 70% to 90% when hands are not visibly soiled. ABHR product that contains an emollient (moisturizer) is strongly recommended because it will decrease “irritant contact dermatitis” under frequent use conditions”. b) Staff will wash hand with soap and running water when hands are visibly soiled. It is in the mechanical action of washing, rinsing and drying that is the most important contributor to the removal of transient bacteria. If running water is not available, then use a moistened towelette to remove the visible soil and follow by ABHR - i.e. in the playground or on a field trip. Please note: Children can use ABHR if there is parental consent and the form is kept on file. Please note: Non-alcohol-based waterless antiseptic agents are not recommended for hand hygiene and should not be used in the Lab Child Care Centres. • Dispenser containers will be checked for soap/ABHR by the early Staff & should the containers be empty extra soap/ABHR will be available to refill the containers or replace with new bottles. • Staff from each room will inform the manager to order or purchase extra Soap/ hand sanitizer when supplies run out. GLOVES USE Gloves are an excellent barrier device for reducing the risk of communicable disease transmission. However, improper glove use (re-using gloves and gloves not free of leaks) has been linked to transmission of pathogens such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MTSA) and gram-negative bacilli. Expectations & Proper Practices: • Gloves must be worn by Staff when it is anticipated that hands will be in contact with mucous membranes, broken skin, tissue, blood, body fluids, secretions, excretions, or contaminated equipment and environmental surfaces. • Gloves must be appropriate for the type of activity and single use ONLY! • Hand hygiene must be practiced before putting on and after taking off gloves • Gloves must be removed immediately and discarded into a waste receptacle after each use *** Use rubber gloves when handling chemical agents and for cleaning and disinfection and medical-type gloves (latex free) for diaper change *** Use gloves that are clean and dry & as short a time as possible to reduce skin irritation 5 DIAPERING AND TOILETING: Diapering and toileting can pose a risk of communicable disease transmission. It is important to follow proper hand washing procedures during and after each diaper change routine in order to prevent the spread and control of diseases. Even though toileting routine is different from diaper change but the risks and successful (IPAC- Infection Prevention and Control Measures)