to use the paper towel to turn off the water tap; - children will be directed and reminded to throw their wet paper towels in the proper garbage pail, and not in the diaper pail. 6 PEST CONTROL Pest infestation is a health hazard and a risk for structural damage. Pest such as mice, rats and cockroaches pose a potential health risk as they are known to carry disease and can trigger or worsen asthma symptoms in individuals. Our Lab Child Care Centre will follow and implement an Integrated Pest Management (IPM) program. The core principles of IPM involve eliminating pests’ access to food, water and shelter (College of Agricultural Sciences, 2015). Procedures and Practices: • Regular cleaning of rooms (especially food preparation areas), closets, cupboards and storage areas. • Minimizing clutter accumulation inside and outside the facility to eliminate harborage sites for rodents/vermin. • Ensuring that food and sensory play materials (e.g. dried pasta) are stored in labeled plastic containers with tight fitting lids. • Regularly inspecting both the exterior and interior structures of the building by identifying pest access into the building. • Monitoring for pest activity such as live or dead rodents/vermin and/or their feces. • Once pest entry is identified, respective building management (landlord, School Board, or professional licensed company) shall be informed. • Professional pest control treatment will commence immediately upon identification of any pest infestation in the facility. PETS AND ANIMALS: There are risks involve when children come in contact with animals. These risks include allergies, injuries and infections (CDC, 2014) Young children, especially less than 5 years old, are more likely to develop serious illness from infections due to microorganisms such as Salmonella and E. coli 0157:H7. Reptiles and amphibians are known carriers of Salmonella while tropical birds are known carriers of the disease Psittacosis (CDC, 2014; NASPHVACCC, 2013) In order to prevent injury or illness Staff and children will follow the: Procedures and Practices: • When Staff and children are in contact with animals such as: dogs, cats, rabbits, birds, rodents (e.g. mice, hamsters, rats, gerbils, guinea pigs) and fish the animals must showed appropriate temperaments and no sign of diseases. • Dogs and cats will be required to be fully immunized against rabies, trained and in good health. There will be proof of an up-to-date applicable vaccinations and medication by a veterinarian. • Pet birds (e.g. budgies, parakeets) will not be allowed as pets in the Lab Child Care Centre 7 • The following animals are prohibited to be pets and as visitors to the Lab Child Care Centre: - Exotic animals (e.g. hedgehogs, monkeys) - Wild/stray animals (e.g. bats, raccoons, stray dogs or cats, squirrels) - Inherently dangerous animals (e.g. lions, cougars, bears) - Venomous or toxin-producing spiders and insects • The following animals are prohibited to be pets and as visitors to Lab Child Care Centre (including indoor/outdoor travelling animal shows for children <5 years of age) - Reptiles (e.g. turtles, snakes and lizards) - Amphibians (e.g. frogs, toads, newts and salamanders) - Live poultry (e.g. chicks, ducklings and goslings) -