wiped dry. • Big soft/ flush toys will be discouraged in the centre. With small soft/flush toys, they will be washed with detergent daily in the washing machine and put into the dryer. 2 Staff will keep a log of the cleaning and disinfecting schedule in each playroom. Frequency of cleaning and disinfecting will vary depending on the age group and the handling of the toys. • Infant (under 18 months) - frequently touched toys that are mouthed or contaminated by body fluids will be cleaned and disinfected daily (or as necessary). • Toddler (18 – 30 months) & Preschool (>30 months – 5 years): -frequently touched toys will be cleaned and disinfected weekly (or as necessary); • School Age (5 – 12 years): frequently touched toys will be cleaned and disinfected monthly (or as necessary). Toys that are mouthed: or that are otherwise contaminated by body secretions will be cleaned with water with detergent and then disinfected before handling by another child. If an adult witnessed that a toy has been mouthed by a child, that particular toy will be put aside or in a separate bin immediately. The toy will be washed with detergent (with other toys or dishes) and then put through the dishwasher. Homemade play dough: because of its high water activity is likely to allow the growth of pathogens than the store-bought play dough; homemade play dough will be discarded daily. Store-bought play dough will be discarded according to the manufacturer’s recommendations. Sensory play equipment: such as communal sensory play bins/tubs will be cleaned and disinfected after they are emptied and before they are replenished with new items. Water play tubs/water play tables will be emptied and sanitized after each use. Wading Pools are not used in our programs; water sprinklers are used as an alternative. Toy storage boxes/cupboards: will be emptied, cleaned and disinfected as necessary. Toy bins will be monitored for pest activity. Playhouses/climbers: will have their high touch surfaces cleaned on a daily basis. Depending on the frequency of use the entire playhouse/climber will be cleaned according to a regular schedule when visibly soiled. Shared electronic games, video equipment and computers: will be cleaned and disinfected between users. Computer keyboards shall be submergible and/or the covers are made of material that can be cleaned and disinfected. LAUNDRY: Bedding materials and improper laundering of bedding materials may increase the risk of communicable disease transmission. Sheets and cot covers can harbour microorganisms due to the moist and warm environment, hence it is important that Staff follow: 3 Procedures and Practices: • Crib and cot sheets, towels, face clothes, cushions covers, etc. will be gathered into a laundry hamper or basket, transported to the laundry room and put into the washing machine directly. Items will be dried in the dryer and folded and distributed back to the perspective rooms and stored separately from soiled or dirty items. HAND HYGIENE: Background information: Every person has two categories of microorganisms on their skin, sometimes called transient and resident bacteria. Transient bacteria colonize on the upper layers of one’s skin