applicable vaccinations and medication by a veterinarian. • Pet birds (e.g. budgies, parakeets) will not be allowed as pets in the Lab Child Care Centre 7 • The following animals are prohibited to be pets and as visitors to the Lab Child Care Centre: - Exotic animals (e.g. hedgehogs, monkeys) - Wild/stray animals (e.g. bats, raccoons, stray dogs or cats, squirrels) - Inherently dangerous animals (e.g. lions, cougars, bears) - Venomous or toxin-producing spiders and insects • The following animals are prohibited to be pets and as visitors to Lab Child Care Centre (including indoor/outdoor travelling animal shows for children <5 years of age) - Reptiles (e.g. turtles, snakes and lizards) - Amphibians (e.g. frogs, toads, newts and salamanders) - Live poultry (e.g. chicks, ducklings and goslings) - Ferrets - Farm animals (e.g. calves, goats and sheep) Expectations for Pet Handling: • Staff will teach children on the humane and safe procedures to follow when in close proximity to animals • Strict hand hygiene after contact with animals, their feeds and/or their environment will be followed • Children will not feed the animals or have food or drink in proximity of the pets • Animals will be housed within some barrier (e.g. cage) that protects the children • Dogs and cats will have to wear proper collars with license tags (no choke chain as this can harm little fingers) • Animals are not to be in food preparation area • A Staff member will be assigned to clean the pet habitat and he/she will wear personal protective equipment when doing this task. • Cleaning of the pet enclosures/cages and/or habitats cannot be cleaned in food preparation sinks or areas. • Cages will be placed in a well-ventilated area, cleaned regularly using a damp cloth and then be disinfected. • Animal’s bites will be immediately reported to Toronto Public Health. RESPIRATORY ETIQUETTE The spread of microorganisms that caused respiratory infections is spread more easily in settings where people are in close contact, especially in Lab Child Care Centres. Our lab Lab Child Care Centre Staff will reinforce with children, other Staff, and visitors the personal practices that help to prevent the spread of the microoganisms that cause respiratory infections. Procedures and Personal Practices: • Not attending the Lab Child Care Centre when acutely ill with a respiratory infection. • Minimizing contact with respiratory droplets when coughing or sneezing by: - Turning the head away from others (e.g. “sneeze into the sleeve” and “cover your cough”) - Maintaining a two-metre separation from others (when possible) 8 - Covering the nose and mouth with tissue - Immediately disposing the tissues into waste baskets/bins after use • Practice proper hand hygiene (refer to section on Hand Hygiene Revised July 2017 9