Sanitary and Infection control Policy & Practices Many studies have documented that Lab Child Care Centre attendance is associated with an increased risk of common infectious diseases, such as diarrhea illness and upper respiratory tract infections among preschool children, especially in children less than 18 months of age. As stated in the Child Care and Early Years Act (CCEYA), 2014, the goal is to “foster the learning, development, health and well-being of children and to enhance their safety.” By minimizing, preventing and controlling infection in our Lab Child Care Centres we will ensure children whom we served are healthy and safe. Staff and children will follow the “Routine Practices” as outlined in the “Guidance Document - Infection Prevention and Control in Lab Child Care Centres”, from Toronto Public Health, 2016 edition. This document discussed that “Routine Practices” have proven to be universally recognized strategies to reduce and eliminate the risk of transmission of microorganisms. During daily activities and providing care for children, Staff must be aware of and assess the risk of the following conditions: • Contamination of skin or clothing by microorganisms in the environment, • Exposure to blood, body fluids, secretions, excretions, body tissues, • Exposure to non-intact skin, • Exposure to mucous membranes, • Exposure to contaminated equipment or surfaces, • Signs and symptoms to infections Policy: Our Lab Child Care Centre will ensure that all equipment, toys, tables, counters, sinks, appliances, furniture, floor and surfaces shall be cleaned and disinfected through structured and scheduled disinfection procedures. Procedures and Practices: Surfaces: • Tables and designated countertops used for food preparation and food service will be cleaned and disinfected before and after use. • High-touch surfaces which have frequent contact with hands – i.e. doorknobs, toys, cribs/cots, light switches and computer keyboards, etc., will be cleaned at least daily and more frequently during outbreaks. • Low-touch surfaces which have minimal contact with hands – i.e. floors, walls and windowsills will be cleaned on a regular basis and/or when soiling and spills occur. Usually on a weekly or monthly schedule, e.g. (by contracted cleaner) some items will be cleaned as needed (e.g. floors). 1 Other: • Carpeted floors will be vacuumed daily, cleaned promptly if spilled, and shampooed/steam cleaned every 3-6 months. Carpeted floors is a potential source of microorganisms during outbreaks of norovirus (PIDAC, 2012) • Floor Mats will be cleaned and disinfected daily but if cleaning is adequate it will be removed and replaced • Toothpaste Tubes will be individually labeled and stored separately. If the toothpaste is shared amongst children, then toothpaste will be dispensed onto paper towel and applied to individual toothbrush • Pacifiers/Soothers will be individually labeled and stored in a clean place and to ensure that they are not touching each other and are not shared among children • Blood and Body Fluid - will follow info sheet for cleaning of these fluids • Children’s soiled linen will be put into a plastic bag and put in children’s cubby for families to take home and launder. Sleep Equipment: ** To ensure that this activity is