SECTION 14 – HOT WORK PERMITS AND PROCEDURES For any hot work (roofing, welding, grinding, cutting, etc.) during construction, alteration and demolition that threatens the safety of the area, such permit is required. The Facilities Management Department inspects the specific work area prior to providing authorization to proceed. (a) For all hot work including, but not limited to, roof replacement, cutting, and welding, authorization to proceed must be obtained from Facilities Management Department. (b) The Contractors/Constructors shall maintain a fire watch during any hot work operation and for a reasonable period of time afterwards. Where the automatic fire detection system is not available, additional patrols must be implemented. The fire watch will conform to the requirements of the Ontario Fire Code. (c) Before commencing any hot work, the Contractors/Constructors shall inspect the work area and confirm precautions have been taken to prevent fire. In addition, all sections as outlined in the Occupational Health and Safety Act and Regulations for Construction Projects and the O. Reg. 388/97 shall be followed. (d) The Contractor will ensure the required safety equipment is present during the performed hot work, including, but not limited to, flame-proof curtains, an appropriate number of portable fire extinguishers, smoke- eaters or similar device, to limit welding fumes. The Contractor shall ensure his/her employees wear the required personal protective equipment while performing hot work. (e) Where the building fire alarm system has to be deactivated for facilitating the hot work, George Brown College Coordinator shall be given prior notification. Once the work has been completed and the fire watch is over, the Contractor will inform the Facilities Management Department (or designate). The Facilities Management Department will arrange for the fire alarm system to be returned to normal operation. In case of an emergency repair involving any hot work during the off-hours, Facilities Management Department shall be contacted for instructions. (f) Facilities Management Department will suspend or revoke the hot work authorization if any non-compliance of the required safety precautions is found upon inspection. No hot work is to continue until re-authorization. 19