SECTION 11 – CHEMICAL SAFETY (8) Under the Occupational Health and Safety Act and related Regulations, specific requirements, procedures and training must be carried out to ensure that workers work safely with chemicals. George Brown College expects that all Contractors/Constructors, subcontractors and their agents will comply with these requirements, procedures and training. (9) Before any job is started: (a) The George Brown College Coordinator shall inform Contractors/Constructors in writing of any hazardous or designated substance that is known to the College that may be encountered in the course of work, or in the area where the work takes place. The Contractors/Constructors shall ensure that when working with or around any hazardous or designated substance, all necessary precautions are followed including, but not limited to, personal protective equipment, signage, limited entry, additional ventilation, etc. (b) The Contractors/Constructors shall inform the George Brown College Coordinator in a timely fashion that temporary changes in the location of workers or other precautions or arrangements may be required. The George Brown College Coordinator shall then make arrangements, as appropriate. (c) Under the WHMIS Regulation, Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDSs) of all chemicals to be used on the Project shall be kept on site and readily available at all times. (d) Preventative measures and procedures must be adhered to, for the protection of workers and occupants of buildings. Such measures include, but are not limited to, personal protective equipment, engineering controls, area signage and isolation. Procedures include, but are not limited to, procedures on handling, storing and disposing of waste, and cleaning up spills as outlined in the MSDSs. (e) All hazardous materials will be stored and dispensed in an area suitable for that purpose, in compliance with regulations. This includes, but is not limited to, a well-ventilated area, away from possible sources of ignition. (f) All chemical containers must be appropriately labelled in accordance with the WHMIS Regulation. 15 (g) The Contractor shall ensure all waste is disposed of, in accordance with all municipal, provincial or federal regulations. Under no circumstances are Contractors to allow any contaminant to be added, emitted or discharged into the natural environment. (h) Chemical spills released into the environment must be reported immediately by the Contractor/Constructor to the project coordinator. 16