SECTION 4 – CONTRACTOR GENERAL CONDITIONS Health and Safety in General The Contractor shall observe all heath and safety requirements including the following procedures, methods and responsibilities: (1) The Contractor will take all necessary steps to protect personnel (workers, visitors, students, general public, etc.) and property from any harm during the course of the contract. (2) All work procedures will be in accordance with George Brown College and legislated standards. (1) All equipment shall be in safe operating condition. (2) The Contractor shall ensure that only competent personnel are permitted to work on site. George Brown College will also determine at the site introduction and throughout the term of the contract who is competent and will cause to remove from the site any persons not observing or complying with the safety requirements. (3) The Contractor shall provide competent personnel to implement their safety program and ensure that George Brown College standards and those of the Ontario Health and Safety Act are being complied with. (4) The Facilities Management Department and/or the consultant will monitor regularly to ensure that the safety requirements are met and that safety records are properly kept and maintained. Continued disregard for safety standards can cause the contract to be cancelled and the contractor or subcontractors removed from the site. (5) The Contractor will report to George Brown College and jurisdictional authorities any accident or incident involving the contractor, College or public personnel and/or property arising from the contractor’s execution of the work. (6) The Contractor shall comply with all federal, provincial and municipal safety codes and the Occupational Health and Safety Act. (7) The Contractor shall ensure that every “controlled product” used at the work site shall meet the labelling requirements and have an updated corresponding material safety data sheet as per the Workplace Hazardous Materials Information System (WHMIS) legislation. 7 Notice of Project The Contractor is required to fill in Notice of Project. Work Notification For all construction services, verbal or written Work Notification to the Facilities Management Department is required, through the project coordinator. Maintenance Contractors’ Responsibility and Work Plan The maintenance contractor must submit written certification that employees have been trained in the operation of, and can demonstrate competency in the use of the products/equipment in accordance with the manufacturers’ recommendations and shop drawings. General Conduct • No horse-play permitted on the Project site or on GBC premises. • Inappropriate behaviour / language will not be tolerated. • Must adhere to the College’s Code of Conduct. Protection of Facilities The Contractors’ and Sub-Contractors’ staff shall protect the existing building. Any damage shall be repaired by the Contractors/Sub-Contractors at their expense and to the satisfaction of the College. Housekeeping • All areas outside a construction site are to be kept clean of dust, debris and construction materials, on a daily basis. • Contractor to arrange location of bins and remove debris from premises. No debris to be stored on loading docks or areas other than on the construction site. • GBC carts and equipment are not to be used for storage, or the transportation of debris.