Policy Statement Sexual violence in all forms will not be tolerated at George Brown College. Sexual violence is an abuse of power What is and impacts all members of the George Brown community. Sexual violence is rooted and propped up by various forms of oppression, such as inequality, rape culture, misogyny, colonialism, racism, including anti-Indigenous and anti-Black racism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia and ableism. Sexual Sexual Violence & Consent Culture Sexual violence takes many forms and can occur at different levels. The top of the pyramid is a result of all Violence? the layers that come below it. Murder What You Need to Know at Physical Femicide George Brown College Violence Sexual Abuse Assault Trafficking Exploitation IPV Autonomy Violations Stalking Dosing Groping Sexual Coercion “Stealthing” Safe Word Violations Following Normalized Cat-Calling Unsolicited Nudes/Explicit Texts & Emotional “Flashing” Revenge Porn Explicit DMs Violence Photo Sharing w/o Consent Online Threats Victim Blaming “Boys will be boys” Sexist Jokes Gender Pay Gap Slut-Shaming Gender Dress Codes Rape Jokes Rumours/Gossiping Objectification Misogyny Racism Sexism Ableism Trans/Homophobia Patriarchy White Supremacy Capitalism Colonialism It’s Important to Remember What is Sexual harassment and gender and sexual-based violence can take many forms. Sexual Violence can be: • Verbal, or • Non-Verbal Sexual • Physical, or • Written Material • Can Occur Online Violence? Creating a Culture of Consent An umbrella term that covers any sexual act or acts We can all help create a culture of consent. We can: targeting a person’s sex, sexual orientation, • Educate ourselves on consent, consent culture, gender- gender identity or gender expression, whether based and sexual violence the act is online, physical or psychological in nature, • Intervene when we see incidents of sexual harassment that is committed, threatened or attempted against a and sexual violence person without the person’s consent. • Start having conversations about consent with family and friends Contact Information What is Sexual Harassment? Office of Anti-Racism, Equity & Human Rights Services (OAREHRS) Engaging in a course of vexatious comment or www.georgebrown.ca/OAREHRS conduct against a person because of sex, sexual diversity@georgebrown.ca orientation, gender identity or gender expression, where the course of comment or conduct is known or Sexual & Gender-Based Violence Response Team Contact: ought reasonably to be known to be unwelcome. In 416-415-5000 ext. 3450 some circumstances, a single incident, if serious, can svra@georgebrown.ca constitute harassment. Resources What is the Difference between Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario Legal Support: Victim Services Toronto: Rape Crisis Centre of Peel: a Bystander and an Upstander? 4 1 1 -8 6 6 -5 6 9 -6 7 2 -4 5 9 -5 0 1 0 7 9 or 4 vi 1 c 6 tim -8 s 0 e 8 rv - i 7 c 0 es 6 to 6 ronto.com/contact 9 ho 0 p 5 e - 2 7 4 9 7 2 . - c 0 a 821 or 1-800-810-0180 General 24/7 Resources SV-Specific 24/7 Resources Male Survivors of Sexual Abuse: A bystander is an individual who observes or 211 Crisis Intervention: Assaulted Women’s Help Line: 1-866-887-0015 Call “211” anywhere in Ontario or visit