George Brown College Smoke-Free Policy 1.0 Purpose: George Brown College recognises the health hazards associated with smoking and second hand smoke exposure and in order to protect our college community and in keeping with the New Smoke-Free Ontario Act 2017 and City of Toronto by-laws we are committed to maintaining smoke free campuses. 2.0 Scope: This policy applies to all students, employees, contractors, leasehold tenant and the general public including any group or persons renting or using college facilities. 3.0 Definitions: College Community: All students, employees, faculty, visitors, contractors to the college College Property: All buildings or property owned or leased by the College Smoking: For purpose of this policy the burning, exhaling, inhaling or vaping of any products such as (tobacco or cannabis) or use of any device including but not limited to electronic cigarettes, cigarettes, or vaporizers. 4.0 Policy: The burning, exhaling, inhaling of all tobacco and cannabis products is prohibited: • in all College leased or owned buildings • on owned or leased college property • in a college vehicle, or vehicles parked on college owned or leased property • within 9 meters of any college entrance regardless of ownership Exceptions: George Brown College acknowledges the traditional burning of substances that form a part of Aboriginal culture and heritage. The College’s policy Aboriginal use of Traditional Medicines provides the guidelines to ensure that the use of such medicines is done in the safest possible and most respectful manner 5.0 Responsibilities: • All members of the college community shall comply with this policy at all times • Within the scope of their responsibilities administrators and campus security have a general duty to ensure compliance with this policy • The main focus of policy enforcement will be voluntary compliance through education, signage and awareness. 6.0 Impacts of Noncompliance: • Violators of the smoking policy, both staff and students, will be dealt with in a progressive disciplinary manner, consistent with College procedures and practices. • Any disciplinary steps taken will, of course, be governed by the terms of the Collective Agreements for union staff, the Code of Student Behavior & Community Standards Policy, and the Terms and Conditions of Employment for administrative staff. 7.0 Smoking Cessation Programs: • George Brown College supports health and wellness by supporting employees who are covered by benefits, and who enrol in an approved smoking cessation program (tobacco only), may apply for reimbursement through the Human Resources Department, provided they apply in advance of undertaking the program. The employee must have successfully completed the program and abstained from smoking six months after "graduation" to be eligible for reimbursement. Approval may be granted as circumstances warrant/permit. 8.0 References: New Smoke-Free Ontario Act 2017 (SFO Act) City of Toronto By-laws-Toronto Municipal Code, Chapter 709