contract ends; ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid; or ▪ the day of your death or the day of your spouse’s death. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 60 Contract No. 50090 - Support Staff Critical Illness Insurance Coverage If you lose your Critical Illness insurance coverage through a change in Conversion employment, marital status or retire, you and/or your spouse can maintain your coverage up to a maximum of $100,000 by calling Sun Life Financial within 60 days of loss of coverage. If you reach age 65, therefore your coverage terminates, your spouse is still eligible to convert their coverage (up to a maximum of $100,000) if they are under the age of 65. Note: Not eligible to convert coverage after age 65. How to Apply To apply for coverage, contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain an enrolment package. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 61 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims Section 17 - Submission of Claims Making Claims Sun Life is dedicated to processing your claims promptly and efficiently. You should contact your employer to get the proper form to make a claim. There are time limits for making claims. These limits are discussed in the appropriate sections of this employee benefits booklet. If you fail to abide by these time limits, you may not be entitled to some or all benefit payments. All claims must be made in writing on forms approved by Sun Life. For the assessment of a claim, Sun Life may require medical records or reports, proof of payment, itemized bills, or other information Sun Life considers necessary. Proof of claim is at your expense. Legal Actions Limitation period for Ontario: Every action or proceeding against an insurer for the recovery of insurance money payable under the contract is absolutely barred unless commenced within the time set out in the Limitations Act, 2002. Limitation period for any other province: Every action or proceeding against an insurer for the recovery of insurance money payable under the contract is absolutely barred unless commenced within the time set out in the Insurance Act or other applicable legislation of your province or territory. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 62 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims Making an Extended Health Care Claim Drug Card Plan The drug card is used for prescription drugs only. The card is accepted at most drug stores across Canada. Other claims, such as physiotherapy or medical supplies, are not covered under the drug card plan and receipts must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form to obtain reimbursement. The drug card cannot be used outside of Canada. These claims must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form. What happens if I do If you do not use the card for all your drug purchases, your not use the drug card to reimbursement could be affected due to pharmacy mark-ups on the cost purchase my drugs of the drugs. This means