a brief description of these programs. Reference to Doctor may also include a nurse practitioner – If the applicable provincial legislation permits nurse practitioners to prescribe or order certain supplies or services, Sun Life will reimburse those eligible services or supplies prescribed or ordered by a nurse practitioner the same way as if they were prescribed or ordered by a doctor. For drugs, refer to Other health professionals allowed to prescribe drugs. Who is covered? All full-time Support Staff employees who have completed the waiting period are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan which includes semi-private hospital accommodation. Waiting Period One month of continuous full-time employment. The coverage begins on the day following the completion of your waiting period provided you are actively at work on that day. Otherwise the insurance becomes effective when you return to work. Amount of Coverage ▪ 100% of the difference between the cost of a ward and a semi- Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 14 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care private hospital room rate in Canada. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for Vision Care to a maximum of $400 in any benefit year for persons under 18 years of age, and each two benefit years for persons 18 years of age and older (see Vision Care for further information). ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for Hearing Care to a maximum of $3,000 in each 3 benefit year period (see Hearing Care for further information). Note: Since there are specific plan years for Vision and Hearing Care, the details of which are referred to later in this booklet, it is recommended that prior to making a purchase for vision and/or hearing care, you should contact Sun Life to ensure that you are eligible to claim the purchase. 85% of eligible expenses for: ▪ services, while not confined to a Hospital, of private duty registered nurses if medically necessary to an annual maximum of $25,000 per insured individual. ▪ eligible medical services. ▪ dental services required as the result of an accident. 85% up to an out-of-pocket maximum of $2,500 per person. Once the $2,500 out-of-pocket maximum has been reached in a calendar year, reimbursement will increase to 100% for: ▪ eligible prescription drugs. 90% of eligible expenses for: ▪ paramedical services. Payment after coverage If your Extended Health Care Insurance terminates while you are ends totally disabled, treatment of the disabling condition will be covered, while your total disability continues, as if your insurance under the Plan had continued in force for an additional 6 months. Coverage under If you are covered for Extended Health Care under another plan, your more than one plan benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the 'Submission of Claim' section of this booklet for instructions. Hospital expenses in The Plan will cover 100% of the following costs: Canada ▪ the difference between the cost of a ward and semi-private Reimbursement hospital accommodation when confined to a hospital in Canada Amount (includes all provinces and territories in Canada). ▪