liable for the or Sun Life’s ETA negligence or other wrongful acts or omissions of any physician or provider other health care professional providing direct services covered under this group plan. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 31 Support Staff Dental Care Section 12 - Dental Care General description of the coverage Amount of Coverage ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for preventative dental procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for restorative and surgical procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for prosthodontic procedures. ▪ 50% of eligible expenses for inlays, onlays, crowns, repairs of crowns, repair of bridges, construction and insertion of bridges and implants. ▪ 50% of eligible expenses for orthodontic procedures. What are the maximums? Insured Percentage Maximum Types A, B and C $2,500 Eligible Expenses: Types A, B and C Basic Services, 100% combined including dentures (per calendar year) Type E Eligible Expenses: 50% $2,500 Major Restorative - (per calendar year) Crowns & Bridges and Implants Type D Eligible Expenses: 50% $2,500 Orthodontic (Lifetime) What fees are covered? The fees stated in the Ontario Dental Association Fee Guide for general practitioners which was current one year prior to the date the eligible expenses were incurred, regardless of where the treatment is received. Temporary Dental If you receive any temporary dental service, it will be included as part Services of the final dental procedure used to correct the problem, and not as a separate procedure. Preventive Dental Your dental benefits include the following procedures used to help Procedures prevent dental problems. They are procedures that a dentist performs (Type A – 100%) regularly to help maintain good dental health. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 32 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Dental Care Oral examinations ▪ initial examination limited to one during any 24 month period. ▪ 1 recall examination every 5 months, up to a maximum of 2 examinations per calendar year. ▪ emergency or specific examinations. ▪ preventive recall packages. X-rays ▪ 1 complete series of x-rays or 1 panorex limited to one during any 24 month period. ▪ 1 set of bitewing x-rays every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 sets per calendar year. ▪ X-rays to diagnose a symptom or examine progress of a particular course of treatment. Other services ▪ Required consultations with another dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Required consultations between patient and dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Fillings - amalgam, silicate, composite, acrylic or equivalent. ▪ Polishing (cleaning) and topical fluoride treatment, once every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 per calendar year. ▪ Protective athletic appliance (mouthguards). ▪ Scaling. ▪ Other preventive services. ▪ Diagnostic tests and laboratory examinations, excluding x-rays, study models or similar records prepared for orthodontic procedures. ▪ Provision of space maintainers for missing primary teeth. Restorative Dental and Surgical Procedures Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat basic dental (Type B – 100%) problems and include: ▪ Required consultation between your dentist and another dentist. ▪ Retentive pins. ▪ Prefabricated, full coverage restorations. ▪ Caries, trauma and pain control. ▪ Professional