services or supplies of the type normally intended for home or sport use except mouthguards. ▪ transplants, and repositioning of the jaw. Dental expenses resulting from: ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or civil commotion. ▪ participation in a criminal offence. ▪ any cause for which compensation is available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Payment after If your coverage terminates, you will still be covered for procedures coverage ends to repair natural teeth damaged by an accidental blow if: ▪ the accident occurred while the person was still covered, and ▪ the procedure is performed within 6 months after the date of the accident. Expenses Outside Expenses incurred for emergency dental care outside of of Province/Canada Province/Canada will qualify as eligible expenses to the extent that they represent the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed, provided an expense for such dental care would qualify as an eligible expense in the Province of Ontario. For expenses incurred for dental care performed outside Canada on other than an emergency basis, the benefit provided under this contract will be the usual, customary and reasonable charges for dental care in the locality where the dental care is performed but not exceeding the level of eligible expenses for the Province of Ontario. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 37 Support Staff Short Term Disability Section 13 - Short Term Disability Plan (STD) General description The Colleges have full legal, financial and administrative responsibility of the coverage for this benefit. Questions or inquiries in regard to this benefit must be directed to your College’s Benefits Administrator. If you are hired as a full-time employee on or after September 1, 2005, you are eligible for benefits under the Short Term Disability Plan (STD) from the first day of work with the College. The STD will provide benefits for the first 130 working days you are absent due to an illness or disability in a "plan year". The first ten (10) working days in the "plan year" will be paid at 100% of your regular base earnings with the remainder of the 130 working days paid at 75% of your regular base earnings. Employees in their first year of employment will have their ten (10) days entitlement pro- rated in proportion to the amount of the year that they work. The ‘plan year” begins on September 1 of each year. If you recover from one absence due to illness or disability but are again absent due to illness or disability during the plan year, STD benefits will recommence from the point at which they were discontinued. Full STD benefits are normally reinstated on the first working day of each new plan year, provided you are actively at work full-time on that day and you are not absent again for the same or related cause for which benefits were paid under the previous year's entitlement. If you are absent on that day, the following