The fee guide must be the current guide at the time that treatment is received. Note: It will be necessary for you to provide a separate detailed account of the cause of the injury to Sun Life along with the Extended Health claim form. Medical Supplies and The Plan covers medically necessary equipment rented that meets the Equipment person’s basic medical needs. It is important to note that where the purchase of durable equipment is less expensive than rental, it will be given consideration by Sun Life. When suitable alternate equipment is available, eligible expenses are limited to the cost of the least expensive equipment that meets the person’s basic medical needs. For example, manual wheelchairs are normally considered sufficient to meet basic medical needs, except if the person’s medical condition warrants the use of an electric wheelchair. ▪ casts, splints, trusses, braces and crutches. ▪ breast prostheses and surgical bras, required as a result of surgery, up to a maximum of $600 per person in any calendar year. ▪ artificial limbs and eyes (excluding myoelectric and microprocessor appliances), including repairs and replacements when medically necessary. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Further information is provided at the end of this section. ▪ oxygen and its administration. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Further information is provided at the end of this section. ▪ wigs required as a result of illness or following chemotherapy. ▪ elastic support stockings, including pressure gradient hose, up to a combined maximum of 4 pairs per person in a calendar year. ▪ Continuous Glucose Monitor (CGM) receivers, transmitters or sensors, for persons diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, up to a Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 20 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care combined maximum of $4,000 per person per benefit year. You must provide us with a doctor's note confirming the diagnosis. ▪ cannabis for medical treatment, if the information you and your doctor provide on Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis meets clinical criteria, including symptoms, for conditions approved by us. If you submit a claim for medical cannabis and have not been pre-approved, your claim will be declined. Medical cannabis must be dispensed according to Health Canada's regulations. The maximum amount payable is $5,000 per person per benefit year. To obtain Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis, call Sun Life’s Customer Care Centre toll-free at 1-800-361-6212. Orthopaedic Shoes or Custom-made orthotic inserts for shoes or custom-made orthopaedic Orthotics shoes or modifications to orthopaedic shoes, when prescribed by a doctor, podiatrist or chiropodist, up to a maximum of 2 pairs for persons under 8 years of age, and one pair for persons 8 years of age and over, in a calendar year. Paramedical The Plan will cover 90% of the costs, up to a combined maximum of services $4,750 per person in a calendar year for all eligible expenses listed below; this includes the difference between what OHIP allows for podiatrists and your actual charge.