covered until the date you are discharged. Emergency services mean any reasonable medical services or supplies, including advice, treatment, medical procedures or surgery, required as a result of an emergency. When a person has a chronic condition, emergency services do not include treatment provided as part of an established management program that existed prior to the person leaving the province where the person lives. Emergency means an acute illness or accidental injury that requires immediate, medically necessary treatment prescribed by a doctor. At the time of an emergency, you or someone with you must contact Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance provider, Sun Life’s Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 25 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider. All invasive and investigative procedures (including any surgery, angiogram, MRI, PET scan, CAT scan), must be pre-authorized by Sun Life’s ETA provider prior to being performed, except in extreme circumstances where surgery is performed on an emergency basis immediately following admission to a hospital. If contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider cannot be made before services are provided, contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider must be made as soon as possible afterwards. If contact is not made and emergency services are provided in circumstances where contact could reasonably have been made, then Sun Life has the right to deny or limit payments for all expenses related to that emergency. An emergency ends when you are medically stable to return to the province where you live. Emergency services Any expenses related to the following emergency services are not excluded from coverage covered: ▪ services that are not immediately required or which could reasonably be delayed until you return to the province where you live, unless your medical condition reasonably prevents you from returning to that province prior to receiving the medical services. ▪ services relating to an illness or injury which caused the emergency, after such emergency ends. ▪ continuing services, arising directly or indirectly out of the original emergency or any recurrence of it, after the date that Sun Life or Sun Life’s ETA provider, based on available medical evidence, determines that you can be returned to the province where you live, and you refuse to return. ▪ services which are required for the same illness or injury for which you received emergency services, including any complications arising out of that illness or injury, if you had unreasonably refused or neglected to receive the recommended medical services. ▪ where the trip was taken to obtain medical services for an illness or injury, services related to that illness or injury, including any complications or any emergency arising directly or indirectly out of that illness or injury. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 26 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC Referred services Referred services must be for the treatment of an illness and ordered in writing by a doctor located in the province where you live. The Plan will pay 80% of the costs of referred services. Your provincial medicare plan must agree