based on available medical evidence, will make the final decision whether you should be moved, when, how and to where you should be moved and what medical Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 28 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC equipment, supplies and personnel are needed. Meals and If your return trip is delayed or interrupted due to a medical emergency accommodations or the death of a person you are travelling with who is also covered by expenses this benefit, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for your meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for each person for up to 7 days. Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment, if you have been hospitalized due to a medical emergency while away from the province where you live and have been released, but, in the opinion of Sun Life’s ETA provider, are not yet able to travel. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for up to 5 days. Travel expenses Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange and, if necessary, advance funds home if stranded for transportation to the province where you live: ▪ for you, if due to a medical emergency, you have lost the use of a ticket home because you or a dependent had to be hospitalized as an in-patient, transported to a medical facility or repatriated; or ▪ for a child who is under the age of 16, or mentally or physically handicapped, and left unattended while travelling with you when you are hospitalized outside the province where you live, due to a medical emergency. If necessary, in the case of such a child, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also make arrangements and advance funds for a qualified attendant to accompany them home. The attendant is subject to the approval of you or a member of your family. We will pay a maximum of the cost of the transportation minus any redeemable portion of the original ticket. Travel expenses of Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange and, if necessary, advance funds family members for one round-trip economy class ticket for a member of your immediate family to travel from their home to the place where you are hospitalized if you are hospitalized for more than 7 consecutive days, and: ▪ you are travelling alone, or ▪ you are travelling only with a child who is under the age of 16 or mentally or physically handicapped. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 29 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for the family member’s meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment up to a maximum of 7 days. Repatriation If you die while out of the province where you live, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for all necessary government authorizations and for the return of your remains, in a container approved for transportation, to the province where you live. We will pay