income amount, even if it has been refused or  cancelled, within 30 days of our request for information. Please note: you have a responsibility to ensure that you are receiving the proper benefit payment and that any offsets have been applied appropriately. Not included in 'Income from Other Sources' are the following: ▪ any increase in income arising from the Quebec Pension Plan or the Canada Pension Plan because of an upward adjustment in the cost of living index (occurring either during the elimination period or while you are receiving a Monthly Indemnity Benefit). ▪ payments from Employment Insurance. ▪ payments from any Personal Life or Personal Disability policies. ▪ any amount of income provided for your Dependent(s) by reason of your disability under the legislation of any government or emanation thereof. How will I receive my The Long Term Disability Plan pays in advance. This means that your benefits? first benefit payment is due the first day after completion of the elimination period indicated on the application form submitted by the College. Subsequent payments are made on the first day of each month that you continue to qualify for benefits under the terms of the group contract. You will be given the option of receiving your benefit payments by either cheque or electronic funds transfer directly into your bank account. To ensure the accuracy of your disability benefit payments, you must advise your College’s Benefits Administrator immediately if: ▪ your medical condition changes. ▪ you begin to receive any other income (i.e., Canada Pension Disability Benefits, or you return to work, either full-time or part-time). Your College’s Benefits Administrator is also responsible for informing Sun Life if you return to work. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 45 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability Rehabilitation The College has the obligation under the Human Rights Code to Program provide 'reasonable accommodation' for disabled employees. This may involve modifications to the job or your workplace. If there is potential for rehabilitation, you will be contacted by either your College’s Benefits Administrator or a Sun Life Counsellor. Where there is the possibility of rehabilitation in order to return to work, you, your physician, the College or Sun Life may initiate the process. Successful rehabilitation is a team effort and includes participation from the College, your Local Union representative, your attending doctor, Sun Life and you. Rehabilitation Benefits During your rehabilitation program, you may receive your Long Term Disability payments plus income from other sources, however, your Long Term Disability benefits will be offset by 50% of your rehabilitative earnings. If, during any month your total income is more than 100% of your pre- disability basic earnings, indexed for inflation, (less provincial and federal income taxes), your Long Term Disability payments will be reduced by the excess. Interrupted periods Interrupted periods of total disability due to the same or related causes of disability during occurring before the elimination period has been completed are treated elimination period as one period of disability and are accumulated to complete the elimination period as long as