& Dismemberment Insurance continuous full-time employment. Supplemental Life Insurance Employee Optional Insurance Dependent Life Insurance Spousal Supplemental Life Insurance Extended Health Care (includes Vision Care, Hearing Care, and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) Dental Care Completion of the probationary period. Long Term Disability On the first of the month co- incident with or following completion of three months of continuous full-time employment. Critical Illness Insurance Completion of one month of continuous full-time employment. Coverage begins Your coverage begins the first day following the completion of the waiting periods provided you are ‘actively at work full-time’ on the date your coverage becomes effective. In the event you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to ‘active work full- time’. For Critical Illness coverage, refer to Section 16. If for any reason, you stop being actively at work, you should contact the Benefits Administrator at your College to determine the status of your benefits. In the event benefit improvements for Life Insurance and Long Term Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 7 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Disability are negotiated, you must be actively at work full-time on the date the changes are effective in order to qualify for the improvements. If you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the date you return to active work full-time (See Section 3 “Definitions”). Dependent(s) Coverage for your Dependents begins on the latest of: ▪ the date you become eligible, if they are your Dependents on that date. ▪ the date they first become your Dependents after the effective date of your coverage, if your request for coverage is received by the College within 31 days, or ▪ for Life Insurance, on the date of approval by Sun Life if your request for coverage is received later than 31 days after they first become your Dependents. ▪ for Extended Health and Dental Care, on the date of the request. ▪ for a Dependent, other than a newborn child, who is hospitalized, coverage will begin when the Dependent is discharged from hospital. Section 6 - Enrolment Enrolment Form At the time you commence employment, the Benefits Administrator at your College will provide you with information about your Group Insurance Benefit options. You will be required to complete and sign a detailed enrolment form which collects the necessary information about yourself and your Dependent(s) (if applicable) in order for the College to administer the Group Insurance Benefit Program, and for Sun Life to adjudicate and process claims. It is important that you read this form, fully answer the questions, sign and date the form where required and return it to your Benefits Administrator no later than 31 days after you become eligible for the Extended Health Care coverage without jeopardizing your entitlement to coverage. This enrolment form also contains information relating to the completion date of your waiting period and the effective date of your mandatory and optional benefits. You will be enrolled in the mandatory and optional benefits following completion of the appropriate waiting periods. Effective