for which you received emergency services, including any complications arising out of that illness or injury, if you had unreasonably refused or neglected to receive the recommended medical services. ▪ where the trip was taken to obtain medical services for an illness or injury, services related to that illness or injury, including any complications or any emergency arising directly or indirectly out of that illness or injury. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 26 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC Referred services Referred services must be for the treatment of an illness and ordered in writing by a doctor located in the province where you live. The Plan will pay 80% of the costs of referred services. Your provincial medicare plan must agree in writing to pay benefits for the referred services. All referred services must be: ▪ obtained in Canada, if available, regardless of any waiting lists, and ▪ covered by the medicare plan in the province where you live. However, if referred services are not available in Canada, they may be obtained outside of Canada. Emergency services Expenses incurred for emergency services outside Canada are subject outside Canada to a lifetime maximum of $2,000,000 per person or, if lower, any other applicable lifetime maximum. Emergency Travel In this section, you means the employee and all dependents covered for Assistance Emergency Travel Assistance benefits. General description of If you are faced with a medical emergency when travelling outside of the coverage the province where you live, Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider can help. (Information regarding Sun Life’s ETA provider can be found on the Sun Life Financial Plan Member Services website at www.mysunlife.ca) Emergency means an acute illness or accidental injury that requires immediate, medically necessary treatment prescribed by a doctor. This benefit, called Medi-Passport, supplements the emergency portion of your Extended Health Care coverage. It only covers emergency services that you obtain within 60 days of leaving the province where you live. If hospitalization occurs within this time period, in-patient services are covered until you are discharged. The Medi-Passport coverage is subject to any maximum applicable to the emergency portion of the Extended Health Care benefit. The emergency services excluded from coverage, and all other conditions, limitations and exclusions applicable to your Extended Health Care coverage also apply to Medi-Passport. We recommend that you bring your Travel card with you when you travel. It contains telephone numbers and the information needed to Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 27 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC confirm your coverage and receive assistance. Getting help At the time of an emergency, you or someone with you must contact Sun Life’s ETA provider. If contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider cannot be made before services are provided, contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider must be made as soon as possible afterwards. If contact is not made and emergency services are provided in circumstances where contact could reasonably have been made, then Sun Life has the right to deny or limit payments