be done by your Dentist directly via electronic submission or predetermination? if necessary: ▪ you can obtain a claim form from your Human Resources Department. ▪ ask your Dentist to complete the appropriate sections of the form. ▪ you complete your sections of the form, sign it and forward it to Sun Life. Sun Life will advise you, taking into account possible alternate procedures or course of treatment based on accepted dental practice, how much of the planned treatment is covered by the Plan and how much of the cost you will be responsible for before the work is done. Laboratory Fees ▪ Certain procedures will usually involve the cost of a commercial laboratory and when appropriate, a reasonable and customary laboratory fee will be reimbursed subject to the same overall maximums. Please note that predetermination cannot take laboratory fees into account but the appropriate payment will be included at the time of claim. The only circumstance in which benefits will be considered for an ineligible procedure is when your Dentist advises, in writing, that it is both less expensive and better for you than an eligible procedure which could be done. Coverage under If you are covered for Dental Care under another plan, your benefits more than one plan will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Please refer to the 'Submissions of Claims' section of this booklet for instructions. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 36 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Dental Care What is not covered The Plan will not pay for: ▪ services or supplies payable or available (regardless of any waiting list) under any government-sponsored plan or program unless explicitly listed as covered under this benefit. ▪ services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat a dental problem, including experimental treatments. ▪ any portion of the charge over the usual, customary and reasonable charge of the least expensive alternate service or material consistent with adequate dental services when such alternate service or material is customarily provided. ▪ procedures performed primarily to improve appearance. ▪ the replacement of dental appliances that are lost, misplaced or stolen. ▪ charges for appointments that you do not keep. ▪ charges for completing claim forms. ▪ expenses related to services or supplies of the type normally intended for home or sport use except mouthguards. ▪ transplants, and repositioning of the jaw. Dental expenses resulting from: ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or civil commotion. ▪ participation in a criminal offence. ▪ any cause for which compensation is available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Payment after If your coverage terminates, you will still be covered for procedures coverage ends to repair natural teeth damaged by an accidental blow if: ▪ the accident occurred while the person was still covered, and ▪ the procedure is performed within 6 months after the date of the accident. Expenses Outside Expenses incurred for emergency dental