obtain work in another occupation after the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ obtain benefits or income that may be available from other sources. If you do not, Sun Life may reduce, hold back or discontinue benefits. When payments end Your Long Term Disability payments end on the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the date you are no longer meet the definition of Totally Disabled. ▪ the last day of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the last day of the month in which you die. Return to Work Where you are eligible to receive Long Term Disability benefits and you are medically capable of returning to your former position within 24 months of being eligible to receive benefits, you shall be assigned, within a reasonable period of time, to: ▪ your former position ▪ a comparable classification in the same payband to your former position provided you are capable of performing the job and such a position exists. When you work less than the normal hours of work assigned to the position to which you have returned, your salary, Short Term Disability payments (if entitled) and vacation pay shall be pro-rated accordingly. You shall not be required to work within 24 months of being eligible to receive Long Term Disability benefits unless you are medically capable of performing the duties of your former position. Research has indicated that the most successful outcome of a return- to-work program is achieved when the rehabilitation program is Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 48 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability engaged as soon as possible after commencement of disability. If you have any questions pertaining to return to work, please feel free to contact your College’s Benefits Administrator, Local Union Representative or Sun Life. Non-Payment of In accordance with the group contract, Sun Life will not pay Long Long Term Disability Term Disability benefits for any period that: Limitations ▪ you are not under the regular care of a doctor and receiving appropriate treatment. ▪ a period during which you engage in any employment or occupation for wage or profit (other than in a Rehabilitation Program) except as approved by Sun Life. ▪ you choose not to participating in a rehabilitation program approved by your Attending Doctor, the College and Sun Life. ▪ you are on a leave of absence except as stated under the Maternity/Parental leave of absence or except where specifically agreed to by Sun Life. ▪ you are absent from Canada longer than 4 months due to any reason, unless Sun Life agrees in writing in advance to pay benefits during the period. ▪ you are serving a prison sentence or are confined in a similar institution. When LTD benefits In accordance with the group contract, Sun Life will not pay Long are not payable Term Disability benefits for any disability which results from: Exclusions Payment will not be made for a Total Disability which is due to or results from: ▪ participation in a riot, rebellion or, insurrection. ▪ war, declared or