particular supplies or equipment will improve/stabilize your or the patient’s condition and the length of time the supplies or equipment will be required. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and completed for my claim to be the form satisfactorily your claim should be processed within 7 days. processed? Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. I am the survivor of a If you are entitled to and have elected survivor benefits, follow the deceased employee. process stated above. You were assigned a new certificate How do I make a claim (identification) number immediately upon notifying the College of the for benefit? death of your spouse. Use this number and not the certificate number of your deceased spouse for any claims incurred after the death of your spouse. Out-of-Province Contact Sun Life’s Emergency Travel Assistance (ETA) provider. in Claims case of an emergency. Prior to leaving the province print your personalized travel card from Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca. OHIP first ▪ Your claim for expenses incurred outside the province must be submitted to OHIP first. ▪ Original receipts should be included with your claim and you should keep a copy for your records. Sun Life second ▪ The balance of the claim not paid by OHIP should be submitted to Sun Life, using the normal claim form for your Group. ▪ The OHIP reimbursement statement and copies of your receipts should be attached to the Sun Life claim form. ▪ Be sure to keep a copy of the information sent to Sun Life for Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 65 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims your records. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is: askus@sunlife.com Sun Life’s number in Toronto is: 416-753-4300 Sun Life’s toll-free number is: 1-800-361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Making a Dental Claim Time limits for filing In order to pay benefits, Sun Life must receive a claim no later than the a claim earliest of: ▪ the end of the calendar year following the year during which you incur the expenses. ▪ 90 days following the end of your Dental Care coverage or termination of the Dental Care provision. Co-ordination of If you or your spouse are covered for Dental Care under another plan, benefits your benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following (Coverage under more insurance industry standards. than one plan) The Claims Process Claims can be submitted electronically by your dentist, or if you are submitting your first claim for benefits, the claim form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre- printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. Each time you file a claim you