at its sole discretion, accept a subsequent claim as a continuation of the previous one at the same level of benefits and without applying a new elimination period. Any such acceptance will be based on a consideration by Sun Life of the circumstances involved and will only be done if the group contract is in force at the time a request for such consideration is made. The benefits you receive will be based on the same benefit level as on the original date of total disability. How will my Group Your Life Insurance, Extended Health Care (including Vision, Hearing Insurance benefits be Care and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)), Dental Care and affected? Critical Illness Insurance remain in force during the time you receive Long Term Disability benefits provided that you were subscribing to such benefits on the date your Long Term Disability payments commenced. Who pays the If you are receiving Long Term Disability payments and provided you premiums? were enrolled in the benefits on the date your Long Term Disability payments began, the College shall pay one hundred per cent (100%) of the premiums payable for Extended Health Care, Vision Care, Hearing Care, Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC) and Dental Care on your behalf. You are responsible for paying the premiums for Critical Illness Insurance. Your Life Insurance will be continued as long as you are in receipt of Long Term Disability benefits without the payment of premiums. Waiver of LTD No contributions for Long Term Disability will be required during any Premiums period you are receiving monthly benefits. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 47 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability Your During your total disability, you are expected to make reasonable responsibilities efforts to: ▪ keep the College and Sun Life informed about the status of your disability on a regular basis. ▪ recover from your disability, including participating in any reasonable treatment or rehabilitation program and accepting any reasonable offer of modified duties from your College. ▪ return to your own occupation during the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ obtain training in order to qualify for another occupation if it becomes apparent that you will not be able to return to your own occupation within the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ try to obtain work in another occupation after the first 24 months that benefits are payable. ▪ obtain benefits or income that may be available from other sources. If you do not, Sun Life may reduce, hold back or discontinue benefits. When payments end Your Long Term Disability payments end on the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the date you are no longer meet the definition of Totally Disabled. ▪ the last day of the month in which you reach age 65. ▪ the last day of the month in which you die. Return to Work Where you are eligible to receive Long Term Disability benefits and you are medically capable of returning to your former position within 24 months of being eligible to receive benefits, you shall be