and is required to pay the College quarterly, in advance, the full cost of the Plans. If the eligible survivor is in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan, the survivor may then elect to participate in retirement benefits provided such election is made within 31 days from the date you (deceased employee) would have reached age 65 and the eligible survivor continues to be eligible for benefits under OHIP or another Canadian medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another province or territory. The eligible survivor will keep the College informed of any change in address or other information as the College or the insurer may require. The eligible survivor will be requested to provide the following information in order to ensure claims are paid appropriately and delays in processing the payments are avoided. ▪ their date of birth. ▪ proof that they are in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 13 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care Section 10 - Extended Health Care (Medicare Supplement) General description The Extended Health Care Plan pays for eligible services or supplies of the coverage that are medically necessary for the treatment of an illness and supplements your provincial hospital and medical insurance plans (e.g. OHIP). However, there are additional eligibility requirements that apply to drugs (see Prior authorization program for details). Medically necessary means generally recognized by the Canadian medical profession as effective, appropriate and required in the treatment of an illness in accordance with Canadian medical standards. Any amount payable under the Extended Health Care Plan is subject to the coinsurance and the list of eligible expenses. The Ontario Health Insurance Act prohibits duplication of coverage of the provincial medical and hospital plans. To qualify for this coverage under this plan, you must be a Canadian resident and entitled to coverage under OHIP or another Medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another Canadian province, territory or Canadian federal government plan. In some instances, where permitted by law, expenses covered under this Extended Health Care plan are integrated with certain provincial medicare programs such as the Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP) and the Ontario Drug Benefit Plan (ODB). Please refer to the end of this section for a brief description of these programs. Reference to Doctor may also include a nurse practitioner – If the applicable provincial legislation permits nurse practitioners to prescribe or order certain supplies or services, Sun Life will reimburse those eligible services or supplies prescribed or ordered by a nurse practitioner the same way as if they were prescribed or ordered by a doctor. For drugs, refer to Other health professionals allowed to prescribe drugs. Who is covered? All full-time Support Staff employees who have completed the waiting period are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan which includes semi-private hospital accommodation. Waiting Period One month of continuous full-time employment. The coverage begins on the day following the completion of your waiting period provided you are actively at work on that