for requests of less than $200. Requests in excess of $200 will be made in full up to a maximum of $10,000. The maximum amount advanced will not exceed $10,000 per person per trip unless this limit will compromise your medical care. Reimbursement of If, after obtaining confirmation from Sun Life’s ETA provider that you expenses are covered and a medical emergency exists, you pay for services or supplies that were eligible for advances, Sun Life will reimburse you. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 30 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC To receive reimbursement, you must provide Sun Life with proof of the expenses within 30 days of returning to the province where you live. Your employer can provide you with the appropriate claim form. Your responsibility You will have to reimburse Sun Life for any of the following amounts for advances advanced by Sun Life’s ETA provider: ▪ any amounts which are or will be reimbursed to you by your provincial medicare plan. ▪ that portion of any amount which exceeds the maximum amount of your coverage under this plan. ▪ amounts paid for services or supplies not covered by this plan. ▪ amounts which are your responsibility, such as deductibles and the percentage of expenses payable by you. Sun Life will bill you for any outstanding amounts. Payment will be due when the bill is received. You can choose to repay Sun Life over a 6 month period, with interest at an interest rate established by Sun Life from time to time. Interest rates may change over the 6 month period. Limits on There are countries where Sun Life’s ETA provider is not currently Emergency Travel available for various reasons. For the latest information, please call Sun Assistance coverage Life’s ETA provider before your departure. Sun Life’s ETA provider reserves the right to suspend, curtail or limit its services in any area, without prior notice, because of: ▪ a rebellion, riot, military up-rising, war, labour disturbance, strike, nuclear accident or an act of God. ▪ the refusal of authorities in the country to permit Sun Life’s ETA provider to fully provide service to the best of its ability during any such occurrence. Liability of Sun Life Neither Sun Life nor Sun Life’s ETA provider will be liable for the or Sun Life’s ETA negligence or other wrongful acts or omissions of any physician or provider other health care professional providing direct services covered under this group plan. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 31 Support Staff Dental Care Section 12 - Dental Care General description of the coverage Amount of Coverage ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for preventative dental procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for restorative and surgical procedures. ▪ 100% of eligible expenses for prosthodontic procedures. ▪ 50% of eligible expenses for inlays, onlays, crowns, repairs of crowns, repair of bridges, construction and insertion of bridges and implants. ▪ 50% of eligible expenses for orthodontic procedures. What are the maximums? Insured Percentage Maximum Types A, B and C $2,500 Eligible Expenses: Types A,