The maximum amount payable is $5,000 per person per benefit year. To obtain Sun Life’s Prior Approval Form for Medical Cannabis, call Sun Life’s Customer Care Centre toll-free at 1-800-361-6212. Orthopaedic Shoes or Custom-made orthotic inserts for shoes or custom-made orthopaedic Orthotics shoes or modifications to orthopaedic shoes, when prescribed by a doctor, podiatrist or chiropodist, up to a maximum of 2 pairs for persons under 8 years of age, and one pair for persons 8 years of age and over, in a calendar year. Paramedical The Plan will cover 90% of the costs, up to a combined maximum of services $4,750 per person in a calendar year for all eligible expenses listed below; this includes the difference between what OHIP allows for podiatrists and your actual charge. Paramedical services must be deemed by the profession's licensing/regulatory board to be within the scope of that profession. A service deemed to not be within the scope of the profession will not be covered. Note: the paramedical service provider must be licensed to practice in the province in which the services are rendered. Doctor's order not required: Services of licensed acupuncturists, audiologist, chiropodist*, chiropractor*, dieticians, massage therapist, naturopath, occupational therapist, optometrist/ophthalmologist, osteopath (this category of paramedical specialists also includes osteopathic practitioners)*, psychologist, psychotherapists, physiotherapist, podiatrist*, social workers, speech therapists, marriage therapists and family therapists. *includes one x-ray examination per specialty each calendar year Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 21 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care What is not covered The Plan will not pay for the costs of: ▪ services or supplies payable or available (regardless of any waiting list) under any government-sponsored plan or program, except as described below under Integration with government programs. ▪ services or supplies payable in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan in your province of residence. ▪ hospital services or supplies to the extent they are covered under the Hospital Plan which are paid for in whole or in part under the provisions of the Medicare Plan, whether or not you or your Dependent(s) are enrolled under the provincial plan. ▪ services or supplies for which the person is eligible for payment under any group medical, surgical or hospital plan. ▪ any services or supplies over the reasonable and customary charges in the locality where they are provided. ▪ any services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat an illness, including experimental or investigational treatments. Experimental or investigational treatments mean treatments that are not approved by Health Canada or other government regulatory body for the general public. ▪ services or supplies that do not qualify as medical expenses under the Income Tax Act (Canada). The Plan will not pay benefits when the claim is for an illness resulting from: ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or a civil commotion. ▪ any work for which you were compensated that was not done for the College who is providing this Plan. ▪ the Plan will also not pay benefits when compensation is