their first year of employment will have their ten (10) days entitlement pro- rated in proportion to the amount of the year that they work. The ‘plan year” begins on September 1 of each year. If you recover from one absence due to illness or disability but are again absent due to illness or disability during the plan year, STD benefits will recommence from the point at which they were discontinued. Full STD benefits are normally reinstated on the first working day of each new plan year, provided you are actively at work full-time on that day and you are not absent again for the same or related cause for which benefits were paid under the previous year's entitlement. If you are absent on that day, the following procedures will apply: (1) (a) Full STD benefits will be reinstated following one month of return to your regular hours of work provided you are not again absent due to the same illness or disability. (b) If you are absent due to the same illness or disability, you may only use the balance of benefits from the previous plan year. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 38 Support Staff Short Term Disability (2) If you return to your regular hours of work and are absent due to illness or disability during the first 30 calendar days following your return due to a different illness or disability, full benefits will be reinstated at the end of that period. However, this absence may be covered by any balance of credits from the previous plan year, as indicated below. Short Term Disability payments will be reduced by other disability payments being received such as from the Canada Pension Plan or the Workplace Safety Insurance Board. ACCUMULATION OF UNUSED STD DAYS Any of the ten (10) days paid at 100% that are unused at the end of the plan year will be carried forward to the next plan year to be used in future years. Unused days can only be carried forward to a maximum accumulation of 120 working days and may only be used for the STD benefit. This extends the number of days you receive 100% of your regular base earnings from ten (10) working days by the number of unused STD days that have been ''banked'' to a maximum of 130 working days. Once these days have been used, the remainder of the 130 working days allowed in a plan year will be paid at 75% of your regular base earnings. Upon retirement, layoff or termination of employment, unused days banked in your name shall be cancelled and shall be of no effect. After you have used the 130 working days of STD benefits, which are available in one plan year (together with any extensions available, if any, pursuant to the ''Accumulative Sick Leave Credits'' specified below), benefits may be provided under the Long Term Disability Insurance Plan, underwritten by Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada. The full cost of all Short Term Disability benefits is paid by the College. ACCUMULATIVE SICK LEAVE CREDITS PRIOR TO