correct the condition. ▪ it is needed to replace a transitional denture which was inserted shortly following extraction of teeth and which cannot be economically modified to the final shape required. Major Restorative: Your dental benefits include permanent dental prosthesis to resolve Crowns, Bridges and dental problems and include: Implants ▪ Bridges. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 34 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Dental Care (Type E – 50%) ▪ Repairs to bridges. ▪ Inlays. ▪ Onlays. ▪ Pins in inlays, onlays and crowns. ▪ Post and core. ▪ Crowns and repairs to crowns. ▪ Implants. Construction and insertion of bridges. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement bridge is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous bridge unless it is needed to replace a bridge which has caused temporomandibular joint disturbances and which cannot be economically modified to correct the condition. Implants Implants, including surgery charges, subject to any limitations that would have applied under this plan to a tooth supported crown or a non implant related prosthesis, respectively, if there had been no implant. Implant coverage only applies to a tooth that was extracted or lost on or after December 29, 2022. Orthodontic Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat misaligned or Procedures crooked teeth subject to a lifetime maximum of $2,500 per person and (Type D – 50%) include: Coverage includes orthodontic examinations, including orthodontic diagnostic services and fixed or removable appliances such as braces. The following orthodontic procedures are covered: ▪ Required consultations between patient and dentist ▪ Diagnostic services - orthodontic cast. ▪ Observation and adjustment. ▪ Repairs. ▪ Alterations. ▪ Re-cementations. ▪ Separation. ▪ Fixed - bilateral/unilateral or removable orthodontic appliances. ▪ Appliances to control oral habits. ▪ Myofunctional therapy. ▪ Retention appliances. Predetermination To ensure that you and your Dentist are aware of the expenses that will Recommended where be paid by the Plan, it is strongly recommended that you send a expenses will exceed predetermination form to Sun Life, before the work is done, for any $300 major treatment or any procedure. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 35 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Dental Care How do I file a This can be done by your Dentist directly via electronic submission or predetermination? if necessary: ▪ you can obtain a claim form from your Human Resources Department. ▪ ask your Dentist to complete the appropriate sections of the form. ▪ you complete your sections of the form, sign it and forward it to Sun Life. Sun Life will advise you, taking into account possible alternate procedures or course of treatment based on accepted dental practice, how much of the planned treatment is covered by the Plan and how much of the cost you will be responsible for before the work is done. Laboratory Fees ▪ Certain procedures will usually involve the cost of a commercial laboratory and when appropriate, a reasonable and customary laboratory fee will be reimbursed subject to