maximum of 130 working days. Once these days have been used, the remainder of the 130 working days allowed in a plan year will be paid at 75% of your regular base earnings. Upon retirement, layoff or termination of employment, unused days banked in your name shall be cancelled and shall be of no effect. After you have used the 130 working days of STD benefits, which are available in one plan year (together with any extensions available, if any, pursuant to the ''Accumulative Sick Leave Credits'' specified below), benefits may be provided under the Long Term Disability Insurance Plan, underwritten by Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada. The full cost of all Short Term Disability benefits is paid by the College. ACCUMULATIVE SICK LEAVE CREDITS PRIOR TO SEPTEMBER 1, 1973 AND NOT APPLICABLE TO SUPPORT STAFF HIRED AFTER SEPTEMBER 1, 1973 Your accumulative sick leave credits prior to September 1, 1973 will Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 39 Support Staff Short Term Disability be maintained. However, there will be no further accruals or transfer- in of accumulative sick leave after September 1, 1973. Existing accruals will be frozen and used to supplement the STD Plan. One- quarter of a credit from the accrual will be used to supplement each day under the STD plan from 75% to 100% of earnings. If, at the end of the 130 working days STD period there are any unused credits in the sick leave accrual, you will continue to draw sick leave on a per day basis at 100% of earnings level until these credits are exhausted. The commencement of Long Term Disability benefits, will be deferred until all sick leave entitlements have been paid. Any vesting provisions that may have been established or agreed to by the College applicable to past sick leave credits recognized at the commencement of employment will continue to apply to any such unused credits remaining in the accrual, in accordance with the conditions and provisions established by the College at the commencement of employment. The vesting provisions established by the College applicable to current sick leave credits accrued while employed by the College will apply to any such unused credit remaining in the accrual. The dollar amount of any cash benefit to be paid in accordance with the relevant conditions established by the College will be based on salary at December 31, 1977 or in the case of some former public servants retiring prior to December 31, 1977, the date of retirement. The gratuity is calculated in accordance with the following formula: No. of days Salary at of credit X December 31, 1977 2 261 The cash benefit payable following an employee’s death will be determined in the same manner as for a retirement. Vesting provisions distinguish between sick leave credits earned before and after joining the College, and therefore the accrual will be determined on a first-in first-out basis. (Viz: The transferred credits are used before College credits are drawn upon). Since these benefits relate to the old cumulative Sick Leave Plan, they will be paid by the