for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Required consultations between patient and dentist, excluding those for orthodontic purposes. ▪ Fillings - amalgam, silicate, composite, acrylic or equivalent. ▪ Polishing (cleaning) and topical fluoride treatment, once every 6 months, up to a maximum of 2 per calendar year. ▪ Protective athletic appliance (mouthguards). ▪ Scaling. ▪ Other preventive services. ▪ Diagnostic tests and laboratory examinations, excluding x-rays, study models or similar records prepared for orthodontic procedures. ▪ Provision of space maintainers for missing primary teeth. Restorative Dental and Surgical Procedures Your dental benefits include procedures used to treat basic dental (Type B – 100%) problems and include: ▪ Required consultation between your dentist and another dentist. ▪ Retentive pins. ▪ Prefabricated, full coverage restorations. ▪ Caries, trauma and pain control. ▪ Professional visits. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 33 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Dental Care Extraction of teeth ▪ Removal of teeth. Endodontics ▪ Root canal therapy and root canal fillings, and treatment of disease of the pulp tissue. Periodontics ▪ Treatment of disease of the gum and other supporting tissue. Oral surgery ▪ Extraction of teeth – Removal of teeth. ▪ Endodontics – Root canal therapy and root canal fillings, and treatment of disease of the pulp tissue. ▪ Periodontics – Treatment of disease of the gum and other supporting tissue. ▪ Oral surgery – Surgery and related anaesthesia, other than implant related surgery (Type E procedures) ▪ Therapeutic intra-muscular or intravenous drug injection. ▪ Adjunctive general services. Denture Procedures Your dental benefits include removable dental prosthesis to resolve (Type C – 100%) dental problems and include: ▪ Complete maxillary and/or mandibular dentures - once every 3 years per arch. ▪ Removable partial dentures - once every 3 years. ▪ Denture adjustments. ▪ Repair of dentures. ▪ Rebase or reline of an existing partial or complete denture. ▪ Customary commercial laboratory fees associated with the above. Construction and insertion of standard dentures. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement standard denture is not considered an eligible expense during the 3 year period following the construction or insertion of a previous standard denture unless: ▪ it is needed to replace a standard denture which has caused temporomandibular joint disturbances and which cannot be economically modified to correct the condition. ▪ it is needed to replace a transitional denture which was inserted shortly following extraction of teeth and which cannot be economically modified to the final shape required. Major Restorative: Your dental benefits include permanent dental prosthesis to resolve Crowns, Bridges and dental problems and include: Implants ▪ Bridges. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 34 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Dental Care (Type E – 50%) ▪ Repairs to bridges. ▪ Inlays. ▪ Onlays. ▪ Pins in inlays, onlays and crowns. ▪ Post and core. ▪ Crowns and repairs to crowns. ▪ Implants. Construction and insertion of bridges. Coverage is limited to teeth extracted while you are covered under this plan. Charges for a replacement bridge is not considered an eligible expense during the