normally applied in the treatment of a particular illness or condition Expenses and are provided at costs equivalent to the normal charges for such treatment in the location where such treatment is provided. Survivor(s) Your Eligible Dependent(s) if you die while employed by the College provided you were participating in the group insurance benefits at the time of your death. Refer to Section 9 for further details. Section 4 - Categories of Benefits Mandatory Benefits You must participate in the following benefits: ▪ Basic Life Insurance ▪ Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance (AD&D) ▪ Long Term Disability ▪ Extended Health Care (includes Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) ▪ Dental Care Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Basic Life Insurance 100% 0% A.D. & D Insurance 100% 0% Long Term Disability 75% 25% Extended Health Care 100% 0% ▪ Vision Care 75% 25% ▪ Hearing Care 75% 25% ▪ Catastrophic Drug 0% 100% Coverage (CDC) Dental Care 100% 0% Optional Benefits You may elect to participate in the following benefits: ▪ Supplemental Life Insurance ▪ Employee Optional Life Insurance ▪ Dependent Life Insurance ▪ Spousal Supplemental Life Insurance ▪ Critical Illness Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Supplemental Life Insurance 60% 40% Employee Optional Life 0% 100% Dependent Life Insurance 0% 100% Spousal Supplemental Life Insurance 0% 100% Critical Illness 0% 100% Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 6 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Life Insurance The premiums the College pays towards your Basic Life and Premium Paid by the Supplemental Life Insurance are taxable income to you. This amount Employer forms part of your income and it will be reflected on your Income Tax Statement from the College each year. Premium Deductions In addition to the cost of the benefits, if you are a resident of Ontario, Québec or a resident of Manitoba, provincial retail sales tax is applied to the actual premium and must be paid by you and the College. The College Benefits Administrator will provide the premium deduction information to you at the time of enrolment. Section 5 - When Coverage Begins New Employee The waiting period for a new employee under your group contract is indicated on the following chart: BENEFIT WAITING PERIOD Basic Life Insurance Completion of one month of Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance continuous full-time employment. Supplemental Life Insurance Employee Optional Insurance Dependent Life Insurance Spousal Supplemental Life Insurance Extended Health Care (includes Vision Care, Hearing Care, and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) Dental Care Completion of the probationary period. Long Term Disability On the first of the month co- incident with or following completion of three months of continuous full-time employment. Critical Illness Insurance Completion of one month of continuous full-time employment. Coverage begins Your coverage begins the first day following the completion of the waiting periods provided you are ‘actively at work full-time’ on the date your coverage becomes effective. In the event you are absent on that date, you will qualify on the day you return to ‘active work full- time’. For Critical Illness coverage, refer