Benefit issues through the Joint Insurance Committee (JIC) in accordance with the Terms of Reference of the Support Staff JIC as outlined in the Collective Agreement. Sun Life The Insurance Company is responsible to adjudicate and pay claims in (Insurance Company) accordance with the provisions in the group contract between Sun Life and the College Employer Council on behalf of the Colleges. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 2 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Employee You are responsible to: ▪ know what your benefits are. ▪ follow the claims submission processes, providing the information requested. ▪ be an educated consumer. ▪ keep Human Resources Department at your College informed about changes that may affect the status of your benefits. Section 3 – Definitions Accident An accident is a bodily injury that occurs solely as a direct result of a violent, sudden and unexpected action from an outside source. Actively At Work You are considered to be 'actively at work' if you are performing all the usual and customary duties of the job with the College for the scheduled number of hours. This includes non-working days and paid vacation if you were 'actively at work' on the last scheduled working day. Appropriate Appropriate treatment is defined as any treatment that is performed Treatment and prescribed by a doctor or, when Sun Life believes it is necessary, by a medical specialist. It must be the usual and reasonable treatment for the condition and must be provided as frequently as is usually required by the condition. It must not be limited solely to examinations or testing. Base Salary Base salary is your regular salary from the college not including any bonus, overtime or incentive pay. Benefit year & January 1 to December 31. Calendar year Dentist A person who is currently licensed to practice dentistry by the governmental authority having jurisdiction over the licensing and practising of dentistry, and who is operating within the scope of the issued licence. The definition usually includes licensed dental hygienists, dental assistants or denturists, etc. Dependent(s) Who qualifies as your dependent: The dependent must be your spouse or your child and a resident of Canada or the United States. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 3 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Spouse/Partner Spouse means: ▪ Your spouse by marriage or under any other formal union recognized by law ▪ Your partner of either gender who is publicly represented as your spouse with whom you have cohabited for one full year (12 continuous months) or, ▪ If you are the natural or adoptive parents of a child as defined in the Family Law Act 1990 (Ontario) Note: For group insurance purposes, your spouse/partner will cease to meet the definition of a person qualified as your dependent upon the earlier of: ▪ The date you have entered into a “Separation Agreement” with your spouse/partner; or ▪ Without a “Separation Agreement”, having lived separate and apart from your spouse for not less than 12 months. You can cover only one spouse at any time