of life 100% Loss of both hands 100% Loss of both feet 100% Loss of one hand 50% Loss of one foot 50% Loss of thumb and index finger on the same hand 33.33% Loss of use of both arms 100% Loss of use of one hand and one foot 100% Loss of use of both legs 100% Loss of use of one arm and one leg 100% Loss of use of one arm 50% Loss of use of one leg 50% Loss of entire sight of one eye 50% Loss of entire sight of both eyes 100% Loss of sight of one eye and either one hand or one foot 100% Accidental Loss ▪ Loss of a hand means that it was severed at or above the wrist. ▪ Loss of a foot means that it was severed at or above the ankle. ▪ Loss of a thumb and index finger means that they were severed at or above the first joint from the hand. ▪ Loss of sight must be total and permanent. Loss of use of limb must be total, continuous for at least 12 months, and then must be determined to be permanent and irrecoverable before the benefit is payable. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 53 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Life Insurance Coverage What is not covered The Plan will not pay AD & D benefits for losses that are the result of: ▪ intentionally self-inflicted injuries, by firearm or otherwise. ▪ taking any poison, drug or medicine, whether voluntarily or otherwise. ▪ inhaling gas, whether voluntarily or otherwise, other than as a result of performance by the employee of the regular duties of his employment. ▪ attempted suicide or suicide, regardless of whether the person has a mental illness or intends or understands the consequences of their actions. ▪ flying in, descending from or being exposed to any hazard related to an aircraft while receiving flying lessons.  performing any duties in connection with the aircraft (except  when such duties are being performed as part of your occupation with the College). being flown for a parachute jump.  member of the armed forces if the aircraft is under the control  of or chartered by the armed forces. ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or civil commotion. ▪ participation in a criminal offence. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you terminate employment, disability retire or reach age 65, whichever is the earliest, your Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance will be continued (provided it was in effect prior to your date of total disability). Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Dependent Life Insurance General description Dependent Life Insurance is term insurance which covers your spouse of the coverage and dependent children while you remain an employee of the College (Optional) and they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for the insurance. Amount of Insurance Spouse: $15,000 Each child: $3,000 The benefit is