24 hours per day while you remain an employee of the College and continue to meet the eligibility requirements for insurance under the group contract. Basic Life Insurance Amount of insurance is $25,000. (Mandatory) Accidental Death In addition to the Basic Life Insurance you have Accidental Death and and Dismemberment (AD & D) coverage in the amount of $25,000. Dismemberment Details are provided in the following pages. Insurance (Mandatory) Supplemental Life You may choose additional coverage in units of $10,000 to a Insurance maximum of $50,000. (Optional) Employee Optional Provided you have chosen the maximum of $50,000 under the Life Insurance Supplementary Life Insurance benefit you may choose to be covered (Optional) in units of $10,000 up to an additional $50,000 under the Employee Optional Life Insurance. Overall maximum The maximum amount of coverage for your basic life, supplementary life and employee optional life benefits combined is $125,000. Unlike the AD&D coverage, there are no exclusions applicable to the Basic, Supplemental and Employee Optional Life Insurance. Change without No medical examination or other evidence of insurability is required evidence of provided you are actively at work and you apply for the optional life insurability insurance for you or your spouse within 31 days of the following: ▪ the date you completed your Waiting Period, or ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent, or ▪ the date your marital status changes. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 51 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Life Insurance Coverage What happens if I do You will be required to furnish evidence of insurability to Sun Life. not apply within Such insurance coverage will take effect only upon the date your 31 days or I wish to evidence of insurability is approved by Sun Life. It is important to note increase the amount of that it is possible that coverage could be declined. Serious Life Insurance? consideration should be given before declining the life benefits at the time the benefits are first offered to you. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you retire or reach age 65, disability (The contract whichever is earlier, Life coverage for you and your dependents may holder has the sole legal continue without the payment of premiums as long as you are in receipt and financial liability for of Long Term Disability (LTD) benefits. This continued coverage is the Coverage during total subject to the terms of the contract which were in effect on the date you disability. Sun Life only acts became totally disabled, including reductions and terminations. In as administrator on behalf addition, all continued coverage with Sun life terminates on the date of the contract holder) the benefit under which the person is covered with Sun Life terminates. Accidental Death and Dismemberment General description Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD & D) insurance is of the coverage provided. This means that if, due to an accident occurring while (Mandatory) covered, you die or suffer a dismemberment as listed in the table under Table of Losses you may be eligible for benefits. Any death