to ensure this does not happen. Continuous contact between you and your College’s Benefits Administrator will help to minimise the situation. In this event, you may apply for Employment Insurance Sick benefits. What can I do if my Sun Life will advise the College Benefits Administrator that your claim is declined? claim has been denied and Sun Life will provide an outline of the procedures and the type of medical information required for reconsideration of your claim. You may respond to this decision by: ▪ appealing this decision through the Sun Life appeal process ▪ pursuing your appeal with your College’s Benefits Administrator ▪ contacting your local union office ▪ contacting a member of the Joint Insurance Committee (JIC) Information about the JIC is contained in the Support Staff Collective Agreement. Your claim will be reconsidered provided you submit new medical information for review. In order to effectively re-evaluate your claim, Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 69 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims all outstanding information requested in the decline letter must be provided. Discrepancies in It is recommended that you check your benefit payment amount each benefit payment month to ensure it is correct. In the event you discover there is a amounts discrepancy, it is important for you to contact your College’s Benefits Administrator so that the appropriate adjustment can be made. If you have been overpaid, a re-payment arrangement can be worked out for you; if you have been underpaid, Sun Life will be required to make the correction and issue payment. Making a Life Insurance Claim How to make a claim Your College’s Benefits Administrator must be contacted immediately, and will assist you or your beneficiary with the process associated with filing a death claim. Your Death Claim In the event of your death, the following must occur as soon as possible after your death: ▪ A claim form must be completed by the College. ▪ A claim form must be completed by your beneficiary. ▪ The completed claim forms along with a death certificate from your attending doctor or funeral director must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated. A minor cannot personally receive a death benefit under the plan until reaching the age of majority. If you reside outside Québec and are designating a minor as your beneficiary, you may wish to designate someone to receive the death benefits during the time your beneficiary is a minor. If you reside outside Québec and have not designated a trustee, current legislation may require Sun Life to pay the death benefit to the court or to a guardian or public trustee. If you reside in Québec, the death benefit will be paid to the parent(s)/legal guardian of the minor on the minor’s behalf. Alternatively, you may wish to designate the estate as beneficiary and provide a trustee with directions in your will. You are encouraged to consult a legal advisor. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 70 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims