the costs for the Reimbursement medical services listed below when ordered by a doctor (the services of Amount a licensed dentist do not require a doctor’s order). Private Duty Nursing Pre-determination of eligibility is required for this benefit for you or your dependent. Obtain and submit the “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire" form, to be completed by the attending physician. Expenses for private duty nursing services, outside of a hospital, are eligible if the care is: ▪ carried out by a registered graduate nurse (R.N.), certified nursing assistant (C.N.A.), registered nursing assistant (R.N.A.), or licensed practical nurse (L.P.N.). Service provider must be licensed, certified or registered in the province where you live and who does not normally live with you. ▪ medically necessary and prescribed by the licensed attending physician, and ▪ the type of medical care that can only be performed by a qualified R.N., C.N.A., R.N.A., or L.P.N. ▪ services must be for nursing care and not for custodial care. Ambulance OHIP covers the cost of licensed ambulance services, where medically necessary, for local transportation of the person to and from the nearest hospital qualified to provide the required care. You are responsible to pay a co-payment for these services. The Extended Health Care plan will reimburse you for 85% of the co-payment amount. In the event that an unexpected condition occurs (emergency situation) such as illness, disease or injury which requires immediate assistance, the use of a licensed air ambulance for transportation of the person to the nearest hospital qualified to render the emergency medical services, the expense is covered by OHIP in the province of Ontario. The Extended Health Care plan will pay a maximum of what would have Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 19 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care been payable for a local land ambulance trip. Dental Services as the Dental services for the repair or alleviation of damages to natural teeth result of an accident sustained in an accident occurring while you or your Dependent(s) are insured under this provision. The services include braces and splints. These services must be received within 12 months after the accident. You will not be covered for more than the fee stated in the Dental Association Fee Guide for a general practitioner in the Province of Ontario. The fee guide must be the current guide at the time that treatment is received. Note: It will be necessary for you to provide a separate detailed account of the cause of the injury to Sun Life along with the Extended Health claim form. Medical Supplies and The Plan covers medically necessary equipment rented that meets the Equipment person’s basic medical needs. It is important to note that where the purchase of durable equipment is less expensive than rental, it will be given consideration by Sun Life. When suitable alternate equipment is available, eligible expenses are limited to the cost of the least expensive equipment that meets the person’s basic medical needs. For example, manual wheelchairs are normally considered sufficient to meet basic medical needs, except if the