of the insured Critical Claim Illness conditions, the following must occur as soon as possible after your diagnosis; ▪ a claim form must be completed by you ▪ the completed claim form along with supporting medical evidence must be forwarded to Sun Life in order for the claim to be adjudicated If you have any questions about your claim, please contact your Benefits Administrator or Sun Life's customer Service department toll- free at 1-800-669-7921 (or in the Toronto area call 416-408-7390). It normally takes 3-4 weeks to process a claim, however, this may vary depending on the circumstances of each case. Sun Life makes every effort to keep the Benefits Administrator informed of the status of the claim. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 71 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims You may send the completed claim form directly to Sun Life at the following address: Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada Association & Affinity Business P.O.Box 4097, Station A Toronto, ON M5W 2Z5 Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 72 Our Purpose is to help our Clients achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. We collect, use and disclose your personal information to: develop and deliver the right products and services; enhance your experience and manage our business operations; perform underwriting, administration and claims adjudication; protect against fraud, errors or misrepresentations; tell you about other products and services; and meet legal and security obligations. We collect it directly from you, when you use our products and services, and from other sources. We keep your information confidential and only as long as needed. People who may access it include our employees, distribution partners such as advisors, service providers, reinsurers, or anyone else you authorize. At times, unless we’re prohibited, they may be outside your jurisdiction and your information may be subject to local laws. You can always ask for your information and to correct it if needed. In most cases, you have a right to withdraw your consent, but we may not be able to provide the requested product or service. Read our Global Privacy Statement and local policy at www.sunlife.ca/privacy or call us for a copy. We will occasionally inform you of other financial products and services that we believe meet your changing needs. If you do not wish to receive these offers, let us know by calling 1-877-SUN-LIFE (1-877-786-5433).