by the College will be based on salary at December 31, 1977 or in the case of some former public servants retiring prior to December 31, 1977, the date of retirement. The gratuity is calculated in accordance with the following formula: No. of days Salary at of credit X December 31, 1977 2 261 The cash benefit payable following an employee’s death will be determined in the same manner as for a retirement. Vesting provisions distinguish between sick leave credits earned before and after joining the College, and therefore the accrual will be determined on a first-in first-out basis. (Viz: The transferred credits are used before College credits are drawn upon). Since these benefits relate to the old cumulative Sick Leave Plan, they will be paid by the College. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 40 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability Section 14 - Long Term Disability Income Plan (LTD) General description As a full-time Support employee you have Long-Term Disability of the coverage coverage, which provides a benefit to you if you become 'totally disabled' for an amount equal to 66 2/3% of your regular earnings. Employees receiving disability payments under the Plan up to September 1, 1974, shall continue to receive benefits under the original Plan providing for benefits of sixty per cent (60%) of regular earnings so long as such disability continues and subject to the provisions of the original Plan. If you become totally disabled while insured, Sun Life will pay, subject to Limitations and Exclusions, a Long Term Disability Benefit for each month you remain totally disabled after completion of the elimination period until you cease to be totally disabled or the last day of the month in which you attain age 65. You qualify for this benefit if you provide proof of claim acceptable to Sun Life that: ▪ you became totally disabled while covered, and ▪ you are under the regular care of a doctor. If the group contract is cancelled for any reason while you are receiving the Long Term Disability Benefit, payments will continue in accordance with the terms of the group contract. What is meant by For the purposes of your Long Term Disability coverage: Totally Disabled ▪ during the elimination period and the following 24 months (this period is known as the own occupation period), we consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform the essential duties of your own occupation, in any workplace, including in a different department or location with your employer or with another employer, and ▪ afterwards, we will consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform any occupation, for any employer, for which you are or may become reasonably qualified by education, training, or experience. The availability of work with any employer does not affect the determination of total disability. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 41 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability You are encouraged to participate in Rehabilitation activities under an