coverage also apply to Medi-Passport. We recommend that you bring your Travel card with you when you travel. It contains telephone numbers and the information needed to Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 27 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC confirm your coverage and receive assistance. Getting help At the time of an emergency, you or someone with you must contact Sun Life’s ETA provider. If contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider cannot be made before services are provided, contact with Sun Life’s ETA provider must be made as soon as possible afterwards. If contact is not made and emergency services are provided in circumstances where contact could reasonably have been made, then Sun Life has the right to deny or limit payments for all expenses related to that emergency. Access to a fully staffed coordination centre is available 24 hours a day. Please consult the telephone numbers on the Travel card. Sun Life’s ETA provider may arrange for: On the spot medical Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide referrals to physicians, assistance pharmacists and medical facilities. As soon as Sun Life’s ETA provider is notified that you have a medical emergency, its staff, or a physician designated by Sun Life’s ETA provider, will, when necessary, attempt to establish communications with the attending medical personnel to obtain an understanding of the situation and to monitor your condition. If necessary, Sun Life’s ETA provider will also guarantee or advance payment of the expenses incurred to the provider of the medical service. Sun Life’s ETA provider will provide translation services in any major language that may be needed to communicate with local medical personnel. Sun Life’s ETA provider will transmit an urgent message from you to your home, business or other location. Sun Life’s ETA provider will keep messages to be picked up in its offices for up to 15 days. Transportation home Sun Life’s ETA provider may determine, in consultation with an or to a different attending physician, that it is necessary for you to be transported under medical facility medical supervision to a different hospital or treatment facility or to be sent home. In these cases, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange, guarantee, and if necessary, advance the payment for your transportation. Sun Life or Sun Life’s ETA provider, based on available medical evidence, will make the final decision whether you should be moved, when, how and to where you should be moved and what medical Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 28 Contract No. 50834 Support Staff Expenses out of your province and EHC equipment, supplies and personnel are needed. Meals and If your return trip is delayed or interrupted due to a medical emergency accommodations or the death of a person you are travelling with who is also covered by expenses this benefit, Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for your meals and accommodations at a commercial establishment. We will pay a maximum of $150 a day for each person for up to 7 days. Sun Life’s ETA provider will arrange for meals and accommodations at