College and Sun Life. ▪ you are on a leave of absence except as stated under the Maternity/Parental leave of absence or except where specifically agreed to by Sun Life. ▪ you are absent from Canada longer than 4 months due to any reason, unless Sun Life agrees in writing in advance to pay benefits during the period. ▪ you are serving a prison sentence or are confined in a similar institution. When LTD benefits In accordance with the group contract, Sun Life will not pay Long are not payable Term Disability benefits for any disability which results from: Exclusions Payment will not be made for a Total Disability which is due to or results from: ▪ participation in a riot, rebellion or, insurrection. ▪ war, declared or undeclared, or active duty in any armed service during a time of war. ▪ intentionally self-inflicted injuries, by firearm or otherwise. ▪ commission or attempted commission of a criminal offence by you. Recovering damages from a This provision applies to every employee who claims Long Term Third Party Disability benefits under this group contract. What are the Third If you have a cause of action against a Third Party for income lost as a Party Liability result of your disability, the LTD benefit will be payable as specified Provisions in the group contract. However, prior to the commencement of payments, you will be required to complete a form agreeing to reimburse Sun Life. The Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 49 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability amount to be reimbursed will not exceed the amount of benefits paid by Sun Life. If you recover money, you must pay Sun Life 75% of your net recovery or the total disability income benefits paid or payable to you under this Plan, whichever is less. Your net recovery does not include your legal costs. 75% of your net recovery must be held in trust for Sun Life. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 50 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Life Insurance Coverage Section 15 - Life Insurance Coverage General description Basic Life Insurance is designed to ensure that your beneficiary does of the coverage not face the additional burden of severe financial hardship in the event of your untimely death. This means that you are covered 24 hours per day while you remain an employee of the College and continue to meet the eligibility requirements for insurance under the group contract. Basic Life Insurance Amount of insurance is $25,000. (Mandatory) Accidental Death In addition to the Basic Life Insurance you have Accidental Death and and Dismemberment (AD & D) coverage in the amount of $25,000. Dismemberment Details are provided in the following pages. Insurance (Mandatory) Supplemental Life You may choose additional coverage in units of $10,000 to a Insurance maximum of $50,000. (Optional) Employee Optional Provided you have chosen the maximum of $50,000 under the Life Insurance Supplementary Life Insurance benefit you may choose to be covered (Optional) in units of $10,000 up to an additional $50,000 under the Employee Optional Life Insurance. Overall