Life Insurance policy. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 11 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information For Dependent(s) of Your Dependent’s coverage will end on the earliest of the following Active Employees dates: ▪ the date your coverage ends. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid for the Dependent coverage. ▪ the date the Dependent no longer meets the definition of an eligible Dependent. ▪ the date you die. Survivor Benefits may be elected by your Dependents for Extended Health Care (including Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) and Dental Care coverage (see Section 9). Coverage after If you retire, you may continue certain benefits. You must enrol in the Retirement CAAT Retiree benefit plan within 31 days of the date of your retirement. Please request information from your Benefits Administrator or refer to the College Employer Council’s website at www.collegeemployercouncil.ca for an explanation of eligibility requirements and the benefits available to retiring employees. Section 9 - Survivor Benefits Survivor Benefits Provided you are participating in the Dependent coverage for Extended For Eligible Health Care (including Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug Dependent(s) of Active Coverage (CDC)) and Dental Care Plans when you die, coverage for Employees your eligible dependents will continue until the earliest of the following dates: ▪ the last day of the sixth month following the month in which you die unless the survivor elects to continue the coverage. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid. ▪ the date the benefit provision under which the Dependent is covered terminates. ▪ the date the group contract terminates. ▪ the date the survivor would no longer be considered the employee’s dependent if the employee were still alive. ▪ the date the survivor cancels the coverage. ▪ the date you would have reached age 65. ▪ the date the survivor dies. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 12 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Who pays the The College pays the full premium for the first six months for the premium? Extended Health (including Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) and Dental Care benefits. Thereafter, the survivor may elect to continue these benefits and is required to pay the College quarterly, in advance, the full cost of the Plans. If the eligible survivor is in receipt of a lifetime monthly survivor pension from the CAAT Pension Plan, the survivor may then elect to participate in retirement benefits provided such election is made within 31 days from the date you (deceased employee) would have reached age 65 and the eligible survivor continues to be eligible for benefits under OHIP or another Canadian medicare plan equivalent to OHIP from another province or territory. The eligible survivor will keep the College informed of any change in address or other information as the College or the insurer may require. The eligible survivor will be requested to provide the following information in order to ensure claims