information in this booklet, the group contract will take priority and the Insurance Company will follow the group contract when making a decision to pay a claim. Benefits described in the booklet are applicable only if you and your Dependent(s) are insured according to the records maintained for the group contract. If you have any questions about the information in this employee benefits booklet, or if you need additional information about your group benefits, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator or Local Union Representative. About the Group The Group Insurance Benefit Program and the cost-sharing Insurance Benefits arrangements provided to the CAAT Support Staff Employee Group Program are a result of negotiations and are set out in the Support Staff Collective Agreement. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 1 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Section 2 - Roles and Responsibilities College Employer The College Employer Council (CEC) is the Contract Holder on Council behalf of the Colleges, and is responsible to ensure that the terms of (Contract Holder) the group contract are adhered to by the Insurance Company and the Colleges. About the Joint The Support Staff JIC consisting of representatives of OPSEU, CAAT Insurance and the CEC has been established under the Terms of Reference Committee (JIC) found in Appendix A of the Support Staff Collective Agreement. The committee meets on a regular basis to discuss Group Insurance Benefits matters. The duties of the Committee include the review of contentious claims and recommendations thereon, when such claim problems have not been resolved through the existing administrative procedures. Colleges The Colleges of Applied Arts and Technology have the responsibility (Administrators) to maintain all records regarding an employee’s coverage, ensure the rules contained in the group contracts are adhered to and communicate the provisions of the group contract to employees. Each College has a designated individual(s) in the Human Resources Division and/or Payroll Services who is responsible for the Group Insurance Benefit Program. OPSEU OPSEU is responsible to: ◼ (the employee’s ▪ represent employees covered by the Support Staff Collective representative) Agreement on matters relating to Group Insurance Benefits. ▪ educate members about benefits. ▪ communicate with the Contract Holder (CEC) on matters relating to the Group Insurance Benefits. ▪ participate with the College Employer Council in discussions about Group Insurance Benefit issues through the Joint Insurance Committee (JIC) in accordance with the Terms of Reference of the Support Staff JIC as outlined in the Collective Agreement. Sun Life The Insurance Company is responsible to adjudicate and pay claims in (Insurance Company) accordance with the provisions in the group contract between Sun Life and the College Employer Council on behalf of the Colleges. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 2 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Employee You are responsible to: ▪ know what your benefits are. ▪ follow the claims submission processes, providing the information requested. ▪ be an educated consumer. ▪ keep Human Resources Department at your College informed about changes that may affect the status of your benefits. Section 3 – Definitions Accident