for all other persons. The Plan will not pay for glasses of any kind purchased over the counter or examinations by eye care professionals. Hearing Care To correct a hearing impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of hearing aids, including maintenance and repairs, prescribed in writing by an Ear, Nose and Throat (E.N.T.) specialist, Otolaryngologist, Medical Doctor (M.D.) or an Audiologist, up to a maximum of $3,000 per person for the three-year benefit period commencing on January 1, 2022. In addition to the more usual hearing aid devices, coverage will also include expenses for aids to hearing if prescribed by a medical doctor. These will include: ▪ a device that produces extra-loud audible signals such as a bell, horn, or buzzer; ▪ a device to permit the volume adjustment of telephone equipment above normal levels; ▪ a bone-conduction telephone receiver; and ▪ the batteries that are required for that purpose, and repairs; ▪ teletypewriter or similar device, including a telephone ringing indicator, that enables an individual to make and receive telephone calls; ▪ a device to decode special television signals to permit the script of a program to be visually displayed; and ▪ a visual or vibratory signalling device, including a visual fire Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 23 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care alarm indicator, for an individual with a hearing impairment. These expenses will be subject to the $3,000 maximum per insured person and time frame limitation as noted above. Coverage may be co-ordinated with the Assistive Devices Program administered by the Province. Coverage under If you are covered for Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug more than one plan Coverage (CDC) under another plan, your benefits will be co- ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the 'Submission of Claims' section of this booklet for instructions. Your coordination Details of current coverage under the government medicare plans with Government can be found on the website of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Plans Long Term Care at www.health.gov.on.ca. The following provides a brief description of some of the services that are integrated with your Extended Health Care coverage. Assistive Devices Program (ADP): This program is operated by the Ontario Ministry of Health. It assists Ontario residents covered by the Ontario Health Insurance Plan who have a long term physical disability (ask your doctor for details). The program covers a number of items such as hearing aids, orthotic devices, ostomy supplies, prosthetic devices (such as breast prostheses), insulin pump and supplies, etc. As coverage can change from time to time, please refer to the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care website for details. Home Oxygen Program (HOP): This program covers oxygen and oxygen delivery equipment such as concentrators, liquid systems, masks, tubing, etc. Contact the Operational Support Branch of the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long Term Care for details. Ontario Drug Benefit Plan (ODB): You and/or your spouse are eligible for the prescription drug benefit on the first day of the month following the attainment of age