Life Insurance coverage for you or your Dependent within 31 days of the following: ▪ the date of your marital status change ▪ the date you acquire a Dependent or an additional Dependent. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 10 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Proof of good health To increase your Life Insurance or obtain Dependent Life Insurance at any time other than referenced above you will be required to submit proof of good health via a Health Questionnaire Form obtained from the College’s Benefits Administrator. If coverage previously In the event you have previously applied for and been declined for declined additional Life Insurance coverage, the 31 days provision referenced above is not applicable. You may continue to submit proof of good health to Sun Life annually. However, depending on your individual situation, you may never be eligible for this coverage. Effective date of ▪ if proof of good health is required, the change cannot take effect coverage until Sun Life approves your application. ▪ if you are not actively working full-time when the change occurs or when Sun Life approves proof of good health, the change cannot take effect before you return to active full-time work. ▪ if a Dependent, other than a newborn child, is hospitalized on the date when the change occurs, the change in the Dependent’s coverage cannot take effect before the Dependent is discharged from hospital. Section 8 - Termination of Coverage When coverage ends As an employee, your coverage will end on the earliest of the following For Active Employees dates: ▪ the date your employment terminates. ▪ the end of the month in which you retire. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which the premium is paid for your insurance. ▪ the date you die. ▪ for Long Term Disability (LTD), the date you retire, the date you attain age 64 and 6 months, whichever is earlier. ▪ for Supplemental Life, Employee Optional Life, Dependent Life and Spousal Supplemental Life the end of the month in which you attain age 65. ▪ for Critical Illness, see Section 16 When your group Life Insurance coverage ends or reduces refer to Section 15 for details about converting it to an individual Life Insurance policy. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 11 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information For Dependent(s) of Your Dependent’s coverage will end on the earliest of the following Active Employees dates: ▪ the date your coverage ends. ▪ the date the group contract is no longer in force. ▪ the end of the period for which premiums have been paid for the Dependent coverage. ▪ the date the Dependent no longer meets the definition of an eligible Dependent. ▪ the date you die. Survivor Benefits may be elected by your Dependents for Extended Health Care (including Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) and Dental Care coverage (see Section 9). Coverage after If you retire, you may continue certain benefits. You must