totally disabled Eligibility for coverage The waiting period is the period from the date of your full-time employment up to and including the last day of the third month of employment. Coverage begins on the day following the completion of the waiting period, provided you are actively at work on that day. Otherwise the insurance becomes effective when you return to work. When coverage ends Long-Term Disability coverage will end on the earlier of the following dates: Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 42 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability ▪ the day you reach age 65 less the elimination period. ▪ the day you retire. Coverage may also end on an earlier date, as specified in General Information. Proof of disability Once the claim is approved, proof of your continuing disability will be required from time to time depending on the medical evidence previously supplied by your doctor. Sun Life will send the appropriate documents when this information is required. The information requested will be used to determine your eligibility for the continuance of benefits and should be obtained and returned to Sun Life promptly (usually within 90 days) in order to avoid unnecessary interruptions or delays in your benefit payments. In the event you no longer qualify as totally disabled, Sun Life will notify the College Benefits Administrator who is responsible for notifying you. Medical examination At the time your application is made for Long Term Disability benefits, medical information must be included. In the event that Sun Life is unable to render a decision on the claim based on the medical information provided, Sun Life may arrange for you to have an Independent Medical Examination (IME), at their expense. Your cooperation in complying with Sun Life’s request for an IME is very important because without the appropriate medical information Sun Life cannot approve the claim and benefits cannot be paid. An IME may also be required as proof of continuing disability. How will my You will receive 66 2/3% of your Monthly Basic Earnings reduced by benefits be income from all other sources. All references to income in this determined? disability provision are to the gross amounts before any deductions. Monthly Basic Monthly Basic Earnings are your regular earnings on the date of Earnings commencement of your elimination period. Income Tax The amount payable by Sun Life is subject to income tax. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 43 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability Income from other The following is 'Income From Other Sources' and will be subtracted sources from your LTD benefits: ▪ any continuation of salary from any employer in respect of employment prior to the date of commencement of the elimination period. ▪ any indemnity provided under any group insurance or group pre- payment plan. ▪ any amount of income provided under any retirement or pension plan of the Employer. ▪ any indemnity from any government operated or sponsored plan such as the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Canada Pension Plan and Quebec Pension Plan*. ▪ any amount of income provided