▪ diabetic supplies. ▪ drugs for the treatment of infertility. ▪ drugs for the treatment of sexual dysfunction. Drug substitution limit Charges in excess of the lowest priced equivalent drug are not covered unless the doctor specifies in writing that no substitution for the prescribed drug may be made. The following items are covered on a reimbursement basis, they are not available with the drug card: ▪ vaccines that legally require a prescription. However, the Plan Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 16 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care also covers hepatitis B and influenza vaccines. ▪ intrauterine devices (IUDs) and diaphragms. ▪ colostomy supplies. ▪ varicose vein injections if medically necessary. Payments for any single purchase are limited to the cost of a supply that can reasonably be used in a 34 day period or, in the case of maintenance drugs, up to 100 days as ordered by a doctor. The Plan will not pay for the following, even when prescribed: ▪ infant formulas (milk and milk substitutes), minerals, proteins, vitamins and collagen treatments. ▪ the cost of giving injections, serums and vaccines. ▪ treatments to encourage weight loss, including drugs, proteins and food or dietary supplements. ▪ hair growth stimulants. ▪ products to help a person quit smoking. ▪ over-the-counter drugs, except as otherwise provided under the list of eligible expenses above. ▪ drugs that are used for cosmetic purposes. ▪ natural health products, whether or not they have a Natural Product Number (NPN). ▪ drugs and treatments, and any services and supplies relating to the administration of the drug and treatment, administered in a hospital, on an in-patient or out-patient basis, or in a government- funded clinic or treatment facility. ▪ drugs and supplies that do not qualify as eligible medical expenses under the Income Tax Act (Canada). Persons age 65 or over ▪ biologic drugs, if there is a biosimilar treating the same indication, you meet the age eligibility requirement for your provincial drug benefit plan and such plan’s biosimilar initiative or program (the program) targets the biologic drug. This exclusion will apply even if the program does not require you to Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 17 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care switch to a biosimilar for your treated condition. If there is a medical reason requiring you to take the biologic, then you and your doctor need to complete and submit an exception form for our consideration Persons age 65 or over ▪ non-biological complex drugs, if there is a subsequent entry version treating the same indication, you meet the age eligibility requirement for your provincial drug benefit plan and such plan’s biosimilar initiative or program (the program) targets the non- biological complex drug. This exclusion will apply even if the program does not require you to switch to a subsequent entry version for your treated condition. If there is a medical reason requiring you to take the non-biological complex drug, then you and your doctor need to complete and submit an exception form for our consideration. Prior authorization The