an Extended Health Care Claim Drug Card Plan The drug card is used for prescription drugs only. The card is accepted at most drug stores across Canada. Other claims, such as physiotherapy or medical supplies, are not covered under the drug card plan and receipts must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form to obtain reimbursement. The drug card cannot be used outside of Canada. These claims must be submitted to Sun Life using the Extended Health Care claim form. What happens if I do If you do not use the card for all your drug purchases, your not use the drug card to reimbursement could be affected due to pharmacy mark-ups on the cost purchase my drugs of the drugs. This means that you may have to pay more out-of pocket. Time limits for filing Claims must be received by Sun Life within the earliest of: a claim ▪ 548 days (18 months) following the date on which the expense was incurred, ▪ 90 days following the end of your Extended Health Care coverage, or the termination of the Extended Health Care provision. Before submitting a claim you will need to consider the co-ordination of benefits provisions applicable, if you are covered by more than one group insurance plan, to make sure that you are submitting the claims appropriately. Co-ordination of If you are covered for Extended Health Care under this Plan and you benefits and your spouse are covered under another plan, your benefits will be (Coverage under more co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry than one plan) standards. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 63 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims These standards determine where you should send a claim first. Here are some guidelines: ▪ if you are claiming expenses for your spouse and the spouse is covered for those expenses under another plan, you must send the claim to your spouse’s plan first. ▪ if you are claiming expenses for your children, and both you and your spouse have coverage under different plans, you must claim under the plan of the parent with the earlier birthday (month and day) in the calendar year. For example, if your birthday is May 1 and your spouse’s birthday is June 5, you must claim under your plan first. ▪ the maximum amount that you can receive from all plans for eligible expenses is 100% of actual expenses. ▪ if your spouse is over age 65 and eligible for coverage under the Ontario Drug Benefit Program (ODB) there are specific rules to follow. Contact your College’s Benefits Administrator for further details. Ontario Assistive The Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP), run by the Ontario Devices Program Ministry of Health, helps people who have long-term physical disabilities get needed equipment and supplies. To find out more about this program, contact the Assistive Devices Branch of the Ministry of Health. The Claims Process If you are submitting your first claim for benefits, the claim form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator