satisfied in order to participate in the Plan, and Requirements obtain a benefit. Employee You are employed by the College on a full-time basis as a Support Staff employee in accordance with the terms of the Support Staff Collective Agreement. Hospital Hospital is defined as a legally operated institution which is primarily engaged in providing, for compensation from its patients, medical, diagnostic and surgical facilities for the care and treatment of sick and injured persons on an in-patient basis, and provides such facilities under the supervision of a staff of doctors with a 24 hour a day nursing service by registered nurses. Notwithstanding the above, hospital shall mean a legally operated institution in which a person establishes, to the satisfaction of Sun Life, that such confinement was for active treatment that would normally be found in a general hospital. In no event will that part of an institution which operates as a home for the aged, rest home, nursing home, chronic care facility or a place for the care and treatment of drug addicts or alcoholics be considered a hospital for the purpose of this contract. Facilities and services The Plan does not cover the facility nor the services provided in a that are not covered nursing home, rest home, home for the aged or chronically ill, sanatorium, convalescent hospital or a facility for treating alcohol or drug abuse or beds set aside for any of these purposes in a hospital. Palliative Care Services for palliative care provided in a hospital, as defined under Regulation 964 under the Public Hospitals Act, R.S.O. 1990, c.P-40 are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Services for palliative care provided at Casey House or any other hospice which is approved for hospital purposes pursuant to an Order- in-Council under the Public Hospitals Act are covered by the Extended Health Care Plan. Illness An illness is a bodily injury, disease, mental infirmity, sickness or the consequences of surgery needed to donate a body part to another person which causes total disability. Incurred Expense An expense is incurred on the date the service is received or the supplies are purchased or rented. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 5 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information Reasonable and Standard medically approved treatments and procedures which are Customary normally applied in the treatment of a particular illness or condition Expenses and are provided at costs equivalent to the normal charges for such treatment in the location where such treatment is provided. Survivor(s) Your Eligible Dependent(s) if you die while employed by the College provided you were participating in the group insurance benefits at the time of your death. Refer to Section 9 for further details. Section 4 - Categories of Benefits Mandatory Benefits You must participate in the following benefits: ▪ Basic Life Insurance ▪ Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance (AD&D) ▪ Long Term Disability ▪ Extended Health Care (includes Vision, Hearing Care and Catastrophic Drug Coverage (CDC)) ▪ Dental Care Premiums Benefit College Pays You Pay Basic Life Insurance 100% 0% A.D. & D Insurance