the locality where they are provided. ▪ any services or supplies that are not usually provided to treat an illness, including experimental or investigational treatments. Experimental or investigational treatments mean treatments that are not approved by Health Canada or other government regulatory body for the general public. ▪ services or supplies that do not qualify as medical expenses under the Income Tax Act (Canada). The Plan will not pay benefits when the claim is for an illness resulting from: ▪ the hostile action of any armed forces, insurrection or participation in a riot or a civil commotion. ▪ any work for which you were compensated that was not done for the College who is providing this Plan. ▪ the Plan will also not pay benefits when compensation is available under the Workplace Safety and Insurance Act, Criminal Injuries Compensation Act or similar legislation. Coordination with This plan will integrate with benefits payable or available under the government government-sponsored plan or program (the government program). programs The covered expense under this plan is that portion of the expense that is not payable or available under the government program, regardless of: ▪ whether you have made an application to the government program, ▪ whether coverage under this plan affects your eligibility or entitlement to any benefits under the government program, or Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 22 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care ▪ any waiting lists. Vision Care To correct vision impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of contact lenses, laser eye correction surgery or eyeglasses-lenses and frames including tinting, sunglasses, safety glasses and their replacement, as long as they are prescribed in writing by an ophthalmologist or a licensed optometrist and are obtained from an ophthalmologist, licensed optometrist or qualified optician. Laser eye surgery, if performed by an ophthalmologist may be co- ordinated with available coverage under paramedical services. The Plan will cover 100% of these costs up to a maximum of $400 in any benefit year for persons under 18 years of age, with the benefit year commencing January 1 and a two-year Benefit period for persons 18 years of age and older, with the benefit period commencing January 1 of even numbered years. Maximums will renew annually for persons under 18 years of age and every 2 years for all other persons. The Plan will not pay for glasses of any kind purchased over the counter or examinations by eye care professionals. Hearing Care To correct a hearing impairment, the Plan will cover the cost of hearing aids, including maintenance and repairs, prescribed in writing by an Ear, Nose and Throat (E.N.T.) specialist, Otolaryngologist, Medical Doctor (M.D.) or an Audiologist, up to a maximum of $3,000 per person for the three-year benefit period commencing on January 1, 2022. In addition to the more usual hearing aid devices, coverage will also include expenses for aids to hearing if prescribed by a medical doctor. These will include: ▪ a device that produces extra-loud audible signals such as a bell, horn, or buzzer; ▪ a device to permit the