to your date of total disability). Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Appointing a Beneficiary Beneficiary You may name the beneficiary of your choice a person, persons or Appointments your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary designation that you made on mysunlife.ca or you have on file with your Human Resources Department. In the absence of a beneficiary appointment, payment will be made to your estate. Appointment of a Except as restricted by law, you may change your beneficiary at any Beneficiary in the time. In the Province of Ontario, the beneficiary is revocable by the Province of Ontario insured. This means that you may change your beneficiary appointment at any time without the approval of your beneficiary. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 55 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Life Insurance Coverage Appointment of a The Province of Québec requires that you indicate whether your Beneficiary in the beneficiary is revocable or irrevocable at the time you make your Province of Québec benefit election. If you have indicated the beneficiary is irrevocable at the time of enrolment, you may only change the beneficiary appointment with the written permission of the current beneficiary. The enrolment form provided by the College will contain this information. Your beneficiary appointment can be a complex matter, and depending on your specific situation, you may wish to seek legal advice before making a nomination and/or changing an appointment. You can sign in to review and update your beneficiary designation on mysunlife.ca or obtain the necessary form from your Human Resources Department. Life Insurance Conversion Converting your Life If your Life Insurance terminates or reduces as a result of changes Insurance in your coverage that are age-related or as a result of your termination of employment, you may apply to convert the group Life coverage, to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. It is your responsibility to initiate an application to convert your Life Insurance with Sun Life. The College will issue a conversion form to you. This form will confirm details of your employment such as your start date with the College, the amount of insurance coverage in effect at the time of your separation from the College, the termination date of your insurance as well as providing a list of Sun Life numbers where you can call to get more information about your options on an individual policy. You have 31 days from the date your insurance is reduced or ceases to convert your Life Insurance to an individual Life policy with Sun Life. If you die during the If you die during this 31 day conversion period, the amount of Life Conversion Period Insurance coverage in effect at the time your coverage is reduced or ceases will be paid to your last named beneficiary as recorded on your file in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your When your