means: ▪ Your spouse by marriage or under any other formal union recognized by law ▪ Your partner of either gender who is publicly represented as your spouse with whom you have cohabited for one full year (12 continuous months) or, ▪ If you are the natural or adoptive parents of a child as defined in the Family Law Act 1990 (Ontario) Note: For group insurance purposes, your spouse/partner will cease to meet the definition of a person qualified as your dependent upon the earlier of: ▪ The date you have entered into a “Separation Agreement” with your spouse/partner; or ▪ Without a “Separation Agreement”, having lived separate and apart from your spouse for not less than 12 months. You can cover only one spouse at any time Dependent Child(ren) Your children and your spouse’s children (other than foster children) are eligible dependents if they are not married or in any other formal union recognized by law, and are under age 21. A child who is a full-time student attending an educational institution recognized under the Income Tax Act (Canada) is also considered an eligible dependent until the age of 25 as long as the child is entirely dependent on you for financial support. In this case, you must notify your College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of the date the child attains the limiting age. If a child becomes disabled before the limiting age, we will continue coverage as long as: ▪ The child is incapable of financial self-support because of a physical or mental disability, and ▪ The child depends on you for financial support, and is not married nor in any other formal union recognized by law. If a child becomes disabled before the limiting age, you must notify your College’s Benefits Administrator within 31 days of the date the child attains the limiting age. In addition, a Disabled Child Coverage form must be completed and sent to Sun Life within 6 months of the date the child attains the limiting age. Your employer can give you more information about this. Doctor A doctor is a physician or surgeon who is licensed to practise medicine Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 4 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff General Information where that practice is located. Eligibility Conditions that must be satisfied in order to participate in the Plan, and Requirements obtain a benefit. Employee You are employed by the College on a full-time basis as a Support Staff employee in accordance with the terms of the Support Staff Collective Agreement. Hospital Hospital is defined as a legally operated institution which is primarily engaged in providing, for compensation from its patients, medical, diagnostic and surgical facilities for the care and treatment of sick and injured persons on an in-patient basis, and provides such facilities under the supervision of a staff of doctors with a 24 hour a day nursing service by registered nurses. Notwithstanding the above, hospital shall mean a legally operated institution in which a person establishes, to the satisfaction of Sun Life, that such confinement was for