coverage in effect at the time of your separation from the College, the termination date of your insurance as well as providing a list of Sun Life numbers where you can call to get more information about your options on an individual policy. You have 31 days from the date your insurance is reduced or ceases to convert your Life Insurance to an individual Life policy with Sun Life. If you die during the If you die during this 31 day conversion period, the amount of Life Conversion Period Insurance coverage in effect at the time your coverage is reduced or ceases will be paid to your last named beneficiary as recorded on your file in the Human Resources Department as a death claim. Converting your When your Dependent Life insurance coverage ends, you may Dependent Life apply to convert your spouse’s Life coverage to an individual Life Insurance policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. Where necessary in order to comply with applicable legislation: If your child's Life coverage ends due to the termination of your Life coverage, Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 56 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Life Insurance Coverage you may apply to convert the group Life coverage for your child to an individual Life policy with Sun Life without providing proof of good health. How long do I have to You have 31 days from the date your spouse’s Life insurance coverage convert my spouse's life ceases to convert to a private policy with Sun Life. insurance? What happens if my If your spouse dies during this 31 day conversion period, the amount spouse dies during the of Life Insurance coverage in effect at the time the coverage is reduced Conversion Period? or ceases will be paid to you. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 57 Contract No. 50090 - Support Staff Critical Illness Insurance Section 16 – Critical Illness Insurance General Description Critical Illness insurance provides protection that Long Term of Coverage Disability, Life Insurance, and Extended Health Care insurance coverages do not. Following the diagnosis of a critical illness and a prescribed survival period, this insurance pays a one-time, lump sum benefit (see Critical Illness brochure for additional information). Eligibility You are eligible to apply for coverage for yourself and/or your spouse provided you are a full-time Support Staff employee of the Colleges of Applies Arts and Technology. To qualify you must: ▪ be between the ages of 18 and 69 ▪ reside in Canada ▪ be actively at work ▪ provide proof of good health Eligibility Date Is the date following the completion the Waiting Period of one continuous month of full-time employment. Coverage Coverage is available to you and your spouse up to a maximum of $200,000 in units of $25,000. Coverage Effective ▪ If you and your spouse apply on your Eligibility Date (or prior Date to), any amount of coverage that does not require medical information $50,000 or less) will be effective on your Eligibility Date. ▪ If you and your spouse apply within 31 days following your