you must claim under your plan first. ▪ the maximum amount that you can receive from all plans for eligible expenses is 100% of actual expenses. ▪ if your spouse is over age 65 and eligible for coverage under the Ontario Drug Benefit Program (ODB) there are specific rules to follow. Contact your College’s Benefits Administrator for further details. Ontario Assistive The Ontario Assistive Devices Program (ADP), run by the Ontario Devices Program Ministry of Health, helps people who have long-term physical disabilities get needed equipment and supplies. To find out more about this program, contact the Assistive Devices Branch of the Ministry of Health. The Claims Process If you are submitting your first claim for benefits, the claim form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator or on the Sun Life Financial Plan Member Services website at www.mysunlife.ca. Sun Life will send the payment directly to you along with a pre-printed claim form for you to use when you submit your next claim. In the event you misplace your personalized claim form, a generic form can be obtained from your College’s Benefits Administrator. Contacting Sun Life Sun Life's web address is: www.sunlife.ca Sun Life's e-mail address is askus@sunlife.com Sun Life's number in Toronto is 416-753-4300 Sun Life's toll-free number is 1-800-361-6212 Should you require assistance, please contact your College’s Benefits Administrator to obtain a brochure with additional information on Sun Life contacts. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 64 Contract No. 50834 and 50090 - Support Staff Submission of Claims Private Duty Nursing Private Duty Nursing Services must be ordered by a doctor for the Claims treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include a letter from your doctor. This letter should describe the nature of your disability or your Dependent’s disability, a diagnosis, how the particular service will improve/stabilize your or the patient’s condition and the length of time the service will be required. Medical Supplies and Medical supplies and equipment must be ordered by a doctor for the Equipment treatment of an illness. In addition to the claim form and the receipt for the expenses, you must include a letter from your doctor. This letter should describe the nature of your disability or your Dependent’s disability, a diagnosis, how the particular supplies or equipment will improve/stabilize your or the patient’s condition and the length of time the supplies or equipment will be required. How long will it take Provided you have sent all the necessary information and completed for my claim to be the form satisfactorily your claim should be processed within 7 days. processed? Following up on a In the event a payment has taken longer than anticipated you may claim follow-up on the status of the payment by contacting Sun Life directly. I am the survivor of a If you are entitled to and have elected survivor benefits, follow the deceased employee. process stated above. You were assigned a new certificate How do I make a claim (identification) number immediately upon notifying the College of the