a medical reason requiring you to take the biologic, then you and your doctor need to complete and submit an exception form for our consideration Persons age 65 or over ▪ non-biological complex drugs, if there is a subsequent entry version treating the same indication, you meet the age eligibility requirement for your provincial drug benefit plan and such plan’s biosimilar initiative or program (the program) targets the non- biological complex drug. This exclusion will apply even if the program does not require you to switch to a subsequent entry version for your treated condition. If there is a medical reason requiring you to take the non-biological complex drug, then you and your doctor need to complete and submit an exception form for our consideration. Prior authorization The prior authorization (PA) program applies to a limited number of program drugs and, as its name suggests, prior approval is required for coverage under the program. If you submit a claim for a drug included in the PA program and you have not been pre-approved, your claim will be declined. In order for drugs in the PA program to be covered, you need to provide medical information. Please use Sun Life’s PA form to submit this information. Both you and your doctor need to complete parts of the form. You will be eligible for coverage for these drugs if the information you and your doctor provide meets Sun Life’s clinical criteria based on factors such as: Health Canada Product Monograph. ◼ recognized clinical guidelines. ◼ comparative analysis of the drug cost and its clinical ◼ effectiveness. recommendations by health technology assessment organizations ◼ and provinces. your response to preferred drug therapy. ◼ If not, your claim will be declined. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 18 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care Sun Life’s prior authorization forms are available from the following sources: Sun Life’s website at www.mysunlife.ca/priorauthorization ◼ Sun Life’s Customer Care centre by calling toll-free ◼ 1-800-361-6212 Other health The Plan reimburses certain drugs prescribed by other qualified health professionals allowed to professionals the same way as if the drugs were prescribed by a doctor prescribe drugs or a dentist if the applicable provincial legislation permits them to prescribe those drugs. Medical services The Extended Health Care Plan will cover 85% of the costs for the Reimbursement medical services listed below when ordered by a doctor (the services of Amount a licensed dentist do not require a doctor’s order). Private Duty Nursing Pre-determination of eligibility is required for this benefit for you or your dependent. Obtain and submit the “In Home Nursing Care Questionnaire" form, to be completed by the attending physician. Expenses for private duty nursing services, outside of a hospital, are eligible if the care is: ▪ carried out by a registered graduate nurse (R.N.), certified nursing assistant (C.N.A.), registered nursing assistant (R.N.A.), or licensed practical nurse (L.P.N.). Service provider must be licensed, certified or registered in the province where you live and who does not normally live with you. ▪ medically necessary and prescribed by the licensed