If your Extended Health Care Insurance terminates while you are ends totally disabled, treatment of the disabling condition will be covered, while your total disability continues, as if your insurance under the Plan had continued in force for an additional 6 months. Coverage under If you are covered for Extended Health Care under another plan, your more than one plan benefits will be co-ordinated with the other plan following insurance industry standards. Please refer to the 'Submission of Claim' section of this booklet for instructions. Hospital expenses in The Plan will cover 100% of the following costs: Canada ▪ the difference between the cost of a ward and semi-private Reimbursement hospital accommodation when confined to a hospital in Canada Amount (includes all provinces and territories in Canada). ▪ hospital out-patient services provided in Canada, except for any services explicitly excluded under this benefit. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 15 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care Prescription Drugs Please note that doctors occasionally prescribe drugs which may be and Vaccines readily available over the counter or vaccines that do not require a prescription by law. These drugs and/or vaccines are not covered by the Plan, except as otherwise indicated below under eligible expenses. Ask your pharmacist about the category of the drug you have been prescribed when you get your prescription filled. For further information or to confirm coverage you may contact Sun Life’s call centre at 1-800-361-6212 or 416-753-4300 or by e- mail at askus@sunlife.ca (must have your contract and certificate number available). Reimbursement The Plan will cover 85% of eligible prescription drug expenses up to an Amount out-of-pocket maximum of $2,500 per person. Once the $2,500 out-of- pocket maximum has been reached in a calendar year, reimbursement of eligible drug expenses will increase to 100%. Drugs covered under this plan must have a Drug Identification Number (DIN) in order to be eligible. The Plan will cover the cost of the following drugs and supplies that are prescribed by a licensed doctor or dentist and are obtained from a licensed pharmacist: ▪ drugs that legally require a written prescription. ▪ life-sustaining drugs that may not legally require a prescription. ▪ injectable drugs and vitamins. ▪ compounded preparations, provided that the principal active ingredient is an eligible expense and has a DIN. ▪ diabetic supplies. ▪ drugs for the treatment of infertility. ▪ drugs for the treatment of sexual dysfunction. Drug substitution limit Charges in excess of the lowest priced equivalent drug are not covered unless the doctor specifies in writing that no substitution for the prescribed drug may be made. The following items are covered on a reimbursement basis, they are not available with the drug card: ▪ vaccines that legally require a prescription. However, the Plan Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 16 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Extended Health Care also covers hepatitis B and influenza vaccines. ▪ intrauterine devices (IUDs) and diaphragms. ▪ colostomy supplies. ▪ varicose vein injections if medically necessary. Payments for any single purchase are limited to the cost of a supply that