as the own occupation period), we consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform the essential duties of your own occupation, in any workplace, including in a different department or location with your employer or with another employer, and ▪ afterwards, we will consider you to be totally disabled while you are continuously unable due to an illness to perform any occupation, for any employer, for which you are or may become reasonably qualified by education, training, or experience. The availability of work with any employer does not affect the determination of total disability. Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 41 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability You are encouraged to participate in Rehabilitation activities under an approved rehabilitation program without jeopardizing your Long-Term Disability benefits. LTD Benefits and Because the College pays 75% of the premium for this coverage, the Taxation benefits are taxable to you on receipt. When disability Your Long-Term Disability payments begin on the later of the payments begin following dates: ▪ after the completion of 130 working days of uninterrupted total disability (including statutory and college holidays) in a 12 month period. ▪ after the last day benefits are payable under any short-term disability, loss of income or other salary continuation plan. This period, which must be completed before disability benefits become payable is called the elimination period. This is normally the period of time when you would have received Short-Term Disability or Cumulative Sick-Leave Credit payments from the College. Payment of Long Term Disability benefits is not automatic. You must submit an Long Term Disability claim. In addition, you may also be eligible for Canada Pension Plan disability benefits, and you are advised to contact the nearest Income Security Program office, Human Resources Development Canada (HRDC). If you become totally disabled during an approved leave and have elected to continue your coverage during the leave period, you will be eligible for benefit payments following your scheduled return to full- time work with your college. You must have been totally disabled for the elimination period and still be totally disabled on the date you are scheduled to return to full-time work with your college Ceasing to be actively at work does not, by itself, mean that you are totally disabled Eligibility for coverage The waiting period is the period from the date of your full-time employment up to and including the last day of the third month of employment. Coverage begins on the day following the completion of the waiting period, provided you are actively at work on that day. Otherwise the insurance becomes effective when you return to work. When coverage ends Long-Term Disability coverage will end on the earlier of the following dates: Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 42 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Long Term Disability ▪ the day you reach age 65 less the elimination period. ▪ the day you retire. Coverage may also end on an earlier date, as specified in General Information. Proof of disability Once the claim is