insurrection or participation in a riot or civil commotion. ▪ participation in a criminal offence. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you terminate employment, disability retire or reach age 65, whichever is the earliest, your Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance will be continued (provided it was in effect prior to your date of total disability). Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Dependent Life Insurance General description Dependent Life Insurance is term insurance which covers your spouse of the coverage and dependent children while you remain an employee of the College (Optional) and they continue to meet the eligibility requirements for the insurance. Amount of Insurance Spouse: $15,000 Each child: $3,000 The benefit is payable to you. Its purpose is to assist you and your family with the additional financial burden should your spouse or dependent children die. Proof of good health Required on all amount of coverage unless requested within 31 days of Effective September 1, 2024 (1) 54 Contract No. 50834 - Support Staff Life Insurance Coverage completing the waiting period or of acquiring a new dependent. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you terminate employment, disability retire or reach age 65, whichever is the earliest, your Dependent Life Insurance will be continued (provided it was in effect prior to your date of total disability). Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Spousal Supplemental Life Insurance General description (Available only if you have elected Dependent Life Insurance) of the coverage To supplement your Dependent Life Insurance, additional life (Optional) insurance is available to you. In the event of your spouse’s death, the Plan will pay the insured amount to you. Amount of Insurance Multiples of $10,000 to up to a maximum of $60,000. Proof of good health Proof of good health is required for any increase in the amount of spouse insurance. The increase will take effect on the date Sun Life approves the proof of good health. Coverage during total If you become totally disabled before you terminate employment, disability retire or reach age 65, whichever is the earliest, your Spousal Supplemental Life Insurance will be continued (provided it was in effect prior to your date of total disability). Sun Life must receive proof of your total disability within 12 months of the date the disability begins. Appointing a Beneficiary Beneficiary You may name the beneficiary of your choice a person, persons or Appointments your estate. In the event of your death, benefits will be paid in the name of the last legally nominated beneficiary designation that you made on mysunlife.ca or you have on file with your Human Resources Department. In the absence of a beneficiary appointment, payment will be made to your estate. Appointment of a Except as restricted by law, you may change your beneficiary at any Beneficiary in the time. In the Province of Ontario, the beneficiary is revocable by the Province of Ontario insured. This means