disposable income) and 58% own their own homes — facts to people without disabilities.15 However, even with lower marketers consider attractive enough to target. average incomes, people with disabilities represent a massive market opportunity. The total disposable income of people with disabilities is estimated as the following: Market opportunity: people with disabilities An opportunity exists for innovators — startups, small- • $175 to $220 billion in the US16,17 and medium-sized enterprises, and even larger Fortune • $25 billion in Canada18 1000 companies — to develop products and services that are aimed at people with disabilities or that are universal • £80 billion in the UK19 by design. Products and services targeted exclusively The income for people with disabilities varies greatly and to people with disabilities usually fall under 10 broad depends on many factors, including age, type and severity categories. These categories are summarized in Table 6 of disability, and the length of time the person has the with their relative market size (for the US and Canada, disability. Average income levels for people with disabilities based on estimates in 2010). The sum of all innovation- are summarized in Table 5. based products and services targeted at people with disabilities is over $8 billion, and is considerably higher if one adds in mobility devices (such as wheelchairs and scooters) and corrective vision devices (such as glasses Average income for people with disabilities and contact lenses). Number of people Market opportunity: universal design Average income with disabilities The real opportunity for business, however, lies in the Ontarioa 1,853,580 $ 29,200 area of universal design. Typically, consumers have been viewed as being either able-bodied or disabled, with Canadaa 4,400,000 $ 27,031 products being designed for one category or the other. Previous generations accepted that a loss in capability due USb 56,672,000 $ 23,532 to disability or aging meant an inevitable barrier to using certain products and services. This outlook is changing; Table 5: Average income for people with disabilities in however, with the baby-boomer generation nearing Ontario, Canada and the US. retirement they are less likely to tolerate barriers. a Statistics Canada. Participation and Activity Limitation Survey, 2006. b U.S. Census Bureau. Survey of Income and Program Participation, May–August 2010. 13 Major categories and estimated market size of innovative products for people with disabilities (US and Canada) $544.5 M $332.42 M $143.55 M $27.2 M DAILY LIVING AIDS WORKPLACE COMMUNICATION AIDSa ENVIRONMENTAL AIDS Clothing and dressing ADAPTIVE DEVICES Speech aids, writing/ Electronic systems that aids, kitchen appliances, Specialized input and typing aids, hearing aids, enable a person with eating/drinking aids, output devices, accessibility telephony accessories limited mobility to control reaching/gripping aids, software, screen readers various appliances, bathroom appliances lights, telephone(s), and security systems $704 M in their room, home, or EDUCATIONAL/ other surroundings INSTRUCTIONAL DEVICES Hand-held computers/ $2,970 M PDAs, sensory integration HEARING IMPAIRMENT devices, learning DEVICES software, training Hearing aids (analog, software, scanning/ digital or MEMS-based reading pens, speech microprocessors), Total Market Size recognition software infrared systems $8379.14 M $717.2 M VISION & READING AIDSC Reading machines, Braille translators, refreshable Braille displays, screen