CollectionSpace is designed to be configurable to each organization’s needs, serving as a gateway to digital and physical assets across an institution. ATutor ATutor is an Open Source Web-based Learning Management System (LMS) designed with accessibility and adaptability in mind. ATutor’s availability as Open Source makes it a cost effective tool for both small and large organizations presenting their instructional materials on the Web, or delivering fully independent online courses. With ATutor, students learn in an adaptive learning environment. Canadian Network The Canadian Network for Inclusive Cultural Exchange is a multi-partner network for Inclusive Cultural that has worked together to ensure that Canadian cultural content on-line, and the tools available to participate in creating this content, are accessible to Exchange (CNICE) everyone in Canada, including people with disabilities. accessibility checkers in the 1990s. Its current focus is “We were contracted to work with Japan on disaster moving more toward challenging issues such as science management. One of the really tragic things that happen and math notations; representing three-dimensional, during natural disasters is that a disproportionate number spatial geolocation information; accessible maps; of people with disabilities die, but not because they have and cognitive access — the presentation of creative mobility impairments... The greatest groups affected [in communication materials so that it is cognitively accessible Japan] were individuals who were deaf or people who to all. Treviranus explains the need for cognitive access: had cognitive access issues. They did not understand the 25 communication about the plan for escape and rescue. Cognitive access is all about making communication easy to understand by everyone.” The IDRC supports open standards, as well as open access and open source wherever possible, to distribute its work as widely as possible and encourage broad participation in its initiatives. IDRC teams work in highly collaborative and transparent communities. Over the past 20 years, IDRC has completed numerous high impact projects and continues to do so. Some of the projects are summarized in the table below. “By virtue of being an inclusive design program, we incorporate a huge diversity of perspectives and so I think it’s those challenges, that diversity of perspective, Intelligent Assistive the resourcefulness that’s required, that’s allowed us to continue to thrive. I have more potential projects and Technology and Systems more potential partners that want to work with us than we can address.” - Jutta Treviranus, Inclusive Design Lab (IATSL) Research Centre The Intelligent Assistive Technology and Systems Lab Employment (IATSL) is a research lab at the Department of Occupational ICT Science and Occupational Therapy at the University of Toronto, working in collaboration with Toronto Rehab. As director and associate professor, Alex Mihailidis leads a research team that is exploring the intersection of artificial intelligence, sensors and assistive technology. Their projects include: • Developing and testing “zero-effort technologies” that will help aging adults to return to work or remain in their homes, and reduce the need for care-givers • Help clinicians move toward a model of ambient healthcare • Develop programs for people with disabilities of all ages, from children with developmental disabilities to older adults