a similar type of prompting system to assembly work beyond the means of many households. The lab also hopes in a factory, with the goal of enabling employment for to see funding from stakeholders increase in accordance people with disabilities. with the growing acknowledgement and verbal support for work of this kind. Another area of the lab’s research focuses on technology that uses computer vision and artificial intelligence to “The current way we provide healthcare (that is, typically detect falls. Simple devices are available today where in a hospital or a doctor’s office or these acute kind of if a user falls, they can press a button and ask for help. settings) is not going to be able to sustain the aging The goal with the new technology is to develop a system population. The big push is to alleviate the care system by that automatically detects a fall in the home, without the being able to provide healthcare and support within the injured person having to let the system know. Speech person’s own community, if not within their own home, and recognition and automated dialogue will permit the system that’s exactly what our technologies are hopefully going to communicate with the fallen person to ascertain the to be able to do.” – Alex Mihailidis, Intelligent Assistive seriousness of their injury and which emergency contact Technology and Systems Lab to call. Smaller projects include looking at specific aspects of design and accessibility. A recent example is a mobile application called AgeCAP (Community Assessment Program). This free application is a data-gathering tool that allows users to survey a local area by rating and describing how senior-friendly certain features of the environment are, such as restaurants, public transit, crosswalks and intersections. By building this kind of data set, researchers hope to increase awareness of accessibility challenges that may exist in the building and transportation environment. The IATSL is one of the longest-running labs conducting research on assistive technology for older adults. Thanks to its early start in this area, the IATSL’s prototypes are often frontrunners, as the lab’s researchers have been able to undertake clinical trials with users. However, a major challenge remains in finding adequate test areas to further 27 iDAPT Centre for Technology Toronto Rehab is one of Rehabilitation Research, the largest rehabilitation Transportation Toronto Rehab hospitals in North America. It is also home to an Built Environment outstanding research iDAPT Centre for Rehabilitation Research: program with one of the Research activities ICT world’s most advanced • Artificial intelligence and robotics rehabilitation research • Cardiopulmonary fitness facilities. Research at Toronto Rehab focuses on nine activity areas — from artificial intelligence to cognition to • Cognition mobility — at the intersection of engineering, computer • Communication science and medicine. The research program is headed by Dr. Geoff Fernie, a thirty-year veteran in rehabilitation • Mobility science and mechanical/biomedical research, with a • Neural engineering and therapeutics knack for universal design. “Because I’ve always been interested in making life happier for people, making it less • Optimization of the rehabilitation system burdensome, I’ve always