improving accessibility in places such as airports, transit figure out how we would rewrite those so we would have stations, grocery stores, movie theatres and offices. principles of universal design for hearing,” says Jennings. 31 Currently, architects must follow certain principles and codes when designing spaces. These set out the rules and responsibilities for structural integrity, sound levels escaping to adjacent spaces and so on. However, architectural design and most building codes do not specify communication requirements within a room. Research at NCA is working to change that. “If you are dealing with a person with disability, [it can often be invisible]. People who are hard of hearing can enter a room, smile and nod and look like they are actively participating, but the level of engagement and level of effort that is required to communicate effectively is not really obvious to most people in that environment,” states Jennings. NCA researchers are currently identifying public and private partners to fine-tune their assessment tool, and aim to release a working prototype in the second half of 2013. Inclusive Media and Design Ultimately, the use of the assessment tool will lead to spaces that are better designed, benefiting not only those Centre, Ryerson University with severe hearing loss but also the majority of people with mild-to-moderate hearing loss, a group whose The Inclusive Media and Design Centre (IMDC) at Ryerson numbers are increasing as our population ages. University designs, creates and evaluates inclusive media technologies, focusing on solutions for individuals who are blind or have low vision, or who are deaf or are hard of hearing. The problem being solved at IMDC, according to its director Deborah Fels, “is a more inclusive approach to making media consumption more accessible.” Fels and her team are working on a number of initiatives in the area of accessible media consumption. Their first project targeted closed captioning of video content and they developed a disruptive solution that is currently being tested. The team recognized that while closed captioning had been around for decades, television technology had limited legibility for using different colours and fonts to convey the message of a video. As a result, the standard closed-captioning format wound up as white uppercase letters on a black background, and this is still in use today. Unfortunately, this format does not capture the emotional context of a message, such as humour, drama, excitement or irony. The team at IMDC conducted studies on emotions and tried various ways to convey these in the content. Initially, they used emoticons and speech bubbles. That evolved into using animated musical instruments and animated text to express emotions, with an excellent response from participants. From such findings, the team developed a software tool called EnACT (Emotive and Affective Captioning Tool) that allows users to create 32 animated captions. Specifically, EnACT allows a user to assign an emotion and intensity value to different scripts. EnACT is currently in use by a number of media partners and is expected to be adopted by industry for use as a standard practice across various video content, whether on