and regions around the world recognize – action is taken when an individual who experienced the importance of equality for people with disabilities, in discrimination makes a complaint. Many initiatives order to empower people with disabilities to participate mandate support programs for people with disabilities, fully in society – dating back to the United Nation’s instead of enabling a more inclusive society as the core adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. objective (summarized in Table 4). The concept of inclusivity for people with disabilities evolved over the years, with many nations collaborating Ontario’s approach to equality is unique in a number and supporting the UN’s Convention on the Rights of of ways: Persons with Disabilities (2006). In addition to global • It applies to all public and private organizations collaborative efforts, nations across the world have (no exceptions). developed their own initiatives to support the inclusion of persons with disabilities, tailored to their countries’ • It requires mandatory reporting of compliance. unique requirements and resources. The Canadian Charter • It is proactive in audits and enforcements. of Rights and Freedoms is Canada’s primary legislation. Section 15 of the CCRF contains guranteed equality • It sets specific accessibility goals to be met. rights. The Canadian Human Rights Code protects people • It sets a graduated time frame for all Ontarians to with disabilities in the provision of goods, services and meet these goals. facilities or accommodation’s. In the United States, the Americans with Disabilities Act is a law enacted in 1990 A comparison of Ontario’s approach to accessibly with (amended in 2009) that protects people with disabilities other initiatives globally is summarized in Table 4. Key legislation and initiatives around the world dealing with the rights of people with disabilities SWEDEN Act Concerning Suport and Service for Persons with CANADA Functional Impairments Canadian Human Rights Act UK Equality Act ONTARIO UN AODA Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities USA Americans with Disabilities Act SINGAPORE Enabling Masterplan AUSTRALIA Disability Discrimination Act 10 Summary of key legislation and initiatives around the world dealing with the rights of people with disabilities Clearly Clearly Designed to Provisions defines defines Region Initiative enable full Who does Requires set for specific time frame participation the initiative mandatory proactive accessibility to meet of all citizens? apply to? reporting? enforcement? goals? goals? All public Ontario AODA and private organizations Canadian Most public Canada Human and private Rights Act organizations Americans Most public US with Disabili- and private ties Act organizations Most public UK Equality Act and private organizations Act Concern- ing Support Individuals. and Service This is a Sweden for Persons support with Certain -based Act Functional Impairments Disability Most public Australia Discrimination and private Act organizations Most public Enabling Singapore and private Masterplan organizations Convention on the Rights Most public UN of Persons and private with Disabil- organizations ities Table 4: Summary of key legislation and initiatives around the world dealing with the rights of people with disabilities (Analysis by MaRS Discovery District) 11 Rationale: Why accessibility? the expected cost of compliance with the AODA, a