capture the emotional context of a message, such as humour, drama, excitement or irony. The team at IMDC conducted studies on emotions and tried various ways to convey these in the content. Initially, they used emoticons and speech bubbles. That evolved into using animated musical instruments and animated text to express emotions, with an excellent response from participants. From such findings, the team developed a software tool called EnACT (Emotive and Affective Captioning Tool) that allows users to create 32 animated captions. Specifically, EnACT allows a user to assign an emotion and intensity value to different scripts. EnACT is currently in use by a number of media partners and is expected to be adopted by industry for use as a standard practice across various video content, whether on TV, the web or elsewhere. Other ongoing (and past) projects at IMDC include LiveDescribe, a software tool and associated wiki community that enables producers of video content, studio professionals and amateur home users to add high-quality descriptions to virtually any video source. The community element of this solution enables anyone to create a descriptive audio for a specific video, such as a movie or a TV show, and post it online for others to download and hear. “Using the wiki, you may get 12 different versions of Law and Order. One’s your mom’s, one is from somebody else’s parent. You have a choice of descriptions that you can access,” says Fels. IMDC is also working on increasing the use of sign language online. Websites are predominantly text-based. For many persons with hearing impairments, especially if such impairments are from birth, written text is not considered their main language. “Often their main language, their earliest means of communication, is sign language, not text. Written language is experienced as a second language; therefore, literacy levels can be quite low,” explains Fels. The team at IMDC is developing an authoring tool (SignLink Studio) that creates webpages by marking up sign language video files with sign-language-based hyperlinks called “signlinks.” Ultimately, universal design principles are the underlying mechanism for these projects and many others being researched. As Fels states, “the theoretical underpinning of the work we do is inclusive design.” IMDC’s goal is to level the playing field in the area of media consumption, making the simple things many of us enjoy — videos, TV shows, movies, music and plays — accessible to everyone. 33 PART 3: Call to action There has never been a better time for entrepreneurs answering a few questions, organizations can find out and innovators to address the needs of people with which accessibility requirements they need to meet and disabilities. Not only is enabling accessibility with innovative by when. For telephone assistance, MEDTE has partnered technologies and services the right thing to do, but it’s with ServiceOntario to deliver answers to routine the smart thing to do. Addressing the needs of people questions about the AODA and accessibility standards. with disabilities, an aging population and all Ontarians MEDTE also runs a help desk to handle more complex through inclusively designed products and technologies telephone