their smartphone. The (now the CEO), ANTVibes Employment inexpensive and simple nature of QR codes and NFC tags Inc. is the provider of enable their placement virtually anywhere written text is Audible Tags, a cloud- Customer placed , such as store shelves, product packaging, transit based voice capture and Service stations and airports. And the audio recording associated delivery platform which can be used for personal Built with each tag can be easily modified via a web portal. Environment and promotional branding. This innovation has the potential to positively impact the The company was created ICT lives of the visually impaired. For example, people with when one day Nazarian got disabilities can utilize this service to compare two models a call from a telemarketer. of laptops at an electronics shop using their smartphone, The telemarketer badly mispronounced Nazarian’s name, or learn when the next bus is arriving without reading losing the opportunity of making a connection with a the schedule. Furthermore, this system enables service potential customer. This experience inspired Nazarian to providers to make their products and services fully develop Audible Name Tags (ANT™). ANT is a small orange accessible simply and at a low cost. “The capital cost of icon that looks like an ant and can sit next to your e-mail making signage accessible is huge. It can be millions of signature or on your LinkedIn page, and so on. When the dollars. Our solution enables the service provider to just icon is clicked, the user can hear the voice of the profile add a Braille QR code and easily program the audible holder and hear how their name is pronounced and any content associated with it,” says Nazarian. “Easy to place, other relevant information. Today ANT is used by internal easy to replace.” company directories, in email signatures, and on social 18 Hire Works is currently developing an alpha version of the EARN Online platform, working with nine employers and 16 service providers. This system will allow employers to ask and share information related to corporate social responsibility as it relates to employment, as well as post opportunities. Service providers will be able to engage with employers to provide expertise and guidance on accommodating people with disabilities and help them to identify talent to match their needs. People with disabilities will be able to use the platform as part of their job-seeking Hire Works Inc. efforts. The beta was released in March 2013, and has been available publicly since April 2013. Once Hire Works has a mature platform, the company it will identify third-party Hire Works was founded by partnerships to help enhance its product. Rob Saric, an entrepreneur Employment who is passionate about “The biggest challenge today? The employment creating social value participation rate for persons with disabilities is 43% and through the use of hardware and software technologies. A the average for the general population is about 70%. That current project by Hire Works, in partnership with United discrepancy needs to be fixed.” –Rob Saric, Hire Works Inc. Way Ottawa, is the Employment Accessibility Resource Network