All of the services, programs, and guidelines are available online as free resources. CEUD established • Japan FutureCity Initiative: OPENspace is most of these resources with the help of a wide range collaborating with the Japanese government of stakeholders, including government departments, to research environmentally-friendly and industry and business organizations, academics, and age-friendly cities. OPENspace will contribute disability rights groups. expertise in accessibility planning as part of the FutureCity Initiative. OPENspace utilizes an open innovation approach in which it collaborates with multiple stakeholders to conduct its research. Partners include government agencies, not for profits, other research organizations, and private organizations. 17 PART 2: Ontario’s innovators: making accessibility possible Ontario’s innovation ecosystem consists of startups, and professional networking sites (e.g., LinkedIn). The universities, research institutes and talent. This ecosystem, goal of ANT is to enable workplaces to be more inclusive coupled with robust entrepreneurial spirit, has created a of diversity and to enhance communication between number of first-in-class advances that solve complex individuals, both internally within an organization and with challenges faced by people with disabilities: pain, mobility, outside stakeholders. agility, hearing, seeing and more (see Table 2 and Figure 4). The following are profiles of leading Ontario innovators. The evolution of ANT has led to an invention geared to help people who are visually impaired access information anywhere, including retail stores, restaurants, airports and transit stations and stops. Nazarian and his team are leveraging the ANT platform, which stores audible data in the cloud for ready access, to release a new product with an expected launch in the second half of 2013. Currently, service providers tailor information for the visually impaired by installing fixed assets that supply the information in Braille or through machines that play audio recordings via headphones or speakers. However, these solutions are costly, are usually fixed in place and difficult to update, and are not interactive. This makes them impractical for many applications. ANTVibes’ solution differs by leveraging the vast adoption of smartphones by people ANTVibes with disabilities, together with low-cost QR codes (in Braille) and NFC tags (easy to identify by touch). The QR codes and NFC tags will enable people with disabilities (or anyone) to A Waterloo-based startup founded by Vigen Nazarian Transportation access audible information stored in the cloud by simply using the device they know best: their smartphone. The (now the CEO), ANTVibes Employment inexpensive and simple nature of QR codes and NFC tags Inc. is the provider of enable their placement virtually anywhere written text is Audible Tags, a cloud- Customer placed , such as store shelves, product packaging, transit based voice capture and Service stations and airports. And the audio recording associated delivery platform which can be used for personal Built with each tag can be easily modified via a web portal. Environment and promotional branding. This innovation has the potential to positively impact the The company was created ICT lives of the visually impaired. For example, people with when one day Nazarian got disabilities can utilize this service to compare two models a call from a telemarketer. of laptops at an