Ontarians are varied, as disability; the remaining eight in ten have two or more summarized in Table 2. Lack of mobility, reduced agility, disabilities. Multiple disabilities can be caused by a common and pain were the three most reported disabilities among condition. For example, a person who has arthritis might all people with disabilities in Ontario and Canada10 (Figure develop pain, mobility and agility disabilities.11 4). It is important to note that most people in Ontario Percentage of people with disabilities experiencing various disabilities Pain Mobility Agility Hearing Seeing Learning Psychological Speech Memory Developmental Canada Ontario Other 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% Figure 4: Percentage of people with disabilities experiencing various disabilities in Ontario and Canada, 2006. Source: Statistics Canada Making Ontario accessible the involvement of people with disabilities, the Ontario government, the broader public sector, and the private and not-for-profit sectors. The five standards to the AODA are To address the needs of people with disabilities, the summarized in Table 3. The AODA also includes compliance government of Ontario passed the Accessibility for and enforcement initiatives — making Ontario one of the Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) in 2005. The goal first jurisdictions in the world to take a proactive approach behind the AODA is to create an inclusive society where to accessibility, in contrast to reactive complaints- everyone can participate to his or her full potential, based approaches. creating a level playing field for all Ontarians. At the core of the AODA legislation are five accessibility standards that The benefits of Ontario’s approach to accessibility are set out the requirements for identifying, removing and multi-faceted and create an opportunity for a new preventing barriers in key areas of daily living and are to generation of innovations, businesses and entrepreneurs be implemented in stages, in order to make Ontario fully to make Ontario accessible to all, described in the accessible by 2025. The standards were developed with following sections. 08 The five standards of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) Standard Description Accessible Customer Service • Requires businesses and organizations to carry out simple steps to provide accessible customer service Enacted in 2008 • Deals with accessible customer service policies, procedures and practices; service animals; support persons; customer feedback; and staff training • Applies to all provincially-regulated businesses or organizations in Ontario with one or more employees Accessible Information • Addresses how businesses and organizations create, provide and receive & Communications information and communications in ways that are accessible for people with disabilities. Enacted in 2011 • Includes information being provided in person, through print, a website or other means • Provides organizations with the flexibility to work with people with disabilities to decide on the most appropriate accessible format or communication support Accessible Employment • Requires organizations to establish processes that provide for accessibility across the employment lifecycle, from recruitment to career development Enacted in 2011 • Seeks to break down barriers for qualified persons to ensure everyone can participate in Ontario’s economy • Does not require/mandate employers to hire people with disabilities Accessible