Rights for People technologies to enhance quality of life of an aging with Disabilities defines UD as the design of products, population () environments, programs and services to be usable by all • Institute of Design at Stanford (US) – produces people, to the greatest extent possible, without the need creative design solutions to complex issues that for adaptation or specialized design. UD principles are: affect everyone using a collaborative approach Equitable use • Center for Universal Design (US) – evaluates, develops, and promotes accessible and universal Flexible in use design in housing, commercial and public facilities, outdoor environments, and products Simple and intuitive in use • Centre for Excellence in Universal Design (Ireland) Perceptible information – develops standards and solutions to allow for a more accessible products and environments Tolerance for error () • Centre for Accessible Environments (UK) – Low physical effort researches and advises on inclusive design and Size and space for approach. access to the built environment for disabled and older people Designing products and services using the 7 principles • OPENspace (UK) – incorporates open design of UD enables businesses to not only serve the needs concept to outdoor environments () of people with disabilities, but to capture much larger Ontario is a forerunner in this global innovative space. customer categories. Well-designed products, services and The province has the expertise, resources, talent, research environments are more broadly useful, positively impacting institutes and leaders to create new world-class jobs, sales by appealing to a wide audience. The opportunities technologies, products, services and businesses. Such available are tremendous, as all products and services attributes are essential elements in creating a fully can be made better using UD principles. For example, inclusive society, here at home and across the globe. the use of door levers instead of knobs to make opening Profiles of Ontario innovators already engaging in this doors easier. Using larger buttons on automotive control market and making an impact are featured in Part 2 of panels. The use of speech recognition on smartphones. this report. Such simple innovations, based on UD, make tasks easier 15 MIT AgeLab, USA Created in 1999 within MIT’s • Age Gain Now Empathy System (AGNES): a School of Engineering’s suit that can be worn, that has been calibrated Engineering Systems Division to approximate the motor, visual, flexibility, in Cambridge, Massachusette, dexterity and strength of a person in their MIT AgeLab researchers partner mid-70s to research a senior’s accessibility with businesses, governments, requirements in retail, transportation, home, and non-profits globally to develop new solutions community, and workplace environments. designed to enhance the quality of life of an aging • Interactive Consumer Design & Evaluation population. As we age, our likelihood of acquiring a (I-CoDE): a lab environment designed to create chronic disease and/or a disability increases, making customized user interfaces that meets the everyday tasks harder and less accessible – and that needs to older individuals, and is especially is the problem MIT is trying to solve. Through the useful for designing consumer electronics, innovative use of technology, MIT AgeLab research websites, automobile