will be able to use the platform as part of their job-seeking Hire Works Inc. efforts. The beta was released in March 2013, and has been available publicly since April 2013. Once Hire Works has a mature platform, the company it will identify third-party Hire Works was founded by partnerships to help enhance its product. Rob Saric, an entrepreneur Employment who is passionate about “The biggest challenge today? The employment creating social value participation rate for persons with disabilities is 43% and through the use of hardware and software technologies. A the average for the general population is about 70%. That current project by Hire Works, in partnership with United discrepancy needs to be fixed.” –Rob Saric, Hire Works Inc. Way Ottawa, is the Employment Accessibility Resource Network (EARN) Online. The biggest challenge today? The purpose of EARN Online is to help create meaningful employment opportunities for people with disabilities The employment participation and to help resolve systemic barriers related to a lack of rate for persons with disabilities coordination among employers, service providers and job seekers. The EARN Online solution aims to address three is 43% and the average for the key barriers: general population is about • Employers find it difficult to source sufficient 70%. That discrepancy needs to information to develop appropriate corporate social responsibility strategies and recruit talent. be fixed. • Service providers serving a large pool of talent find it –Rob Saric, Hire Works Inc. difficult to reach employers. • Traditional job matching services fall short of properly assessing skill sets of persons who may have acquired them through self-study or alternative education and training. The overall effect of these barriers is that they render the job-seeking/recruiting process long and cumbersome for all parties involved, and an unfortunate outcome for those seeking employment is that they may lose motivation over time. 19 Komodo OpenLab Inc. experience, they identified a growing need of persons with dexterity impediments to be able to access mobile devices. This area had been underdeveloped, with much of Komodo OpenLab develops inclusive the work in accessible computing focused on people with technologies to facilitate the daily ICT visual impairments. lives of people with disabilities. As a “not-just-for-profit” enterprise, Originally started as a research project, Tecla today is sold the company has adopted an innovation model based online as a set of tools that enable people with disabilities on open source software to work with their hardware to control their mobile device using interfaces they are products. This combination allows other users to adapt, already familiar with, such as wheelchair-driving controls enhance and build upon its technology. The company’s or adapted switches. The set consists of a hardware first product is Tecla, a set of tools that helps make mobile component, the Tecla Shield (a Bluetooth device that devices more accessible. Komodo is led by Jorge Silva, a makes it possible to connect switches or wheelchair-driving researcher in the Inclusive Design Research Centre (IDRC) controls to the mobile device), which interacts with a at OCAD University. software component. The software is a freely downloadable application