the globe. Eleven startups and research institutes playing field for all Ontarians. from Ontario’s innovation ecosystem are profiled in this Why make Ontario more accessible? It’s the right thing document: these innovators have developed first-in-class to do! Disability is part of the human condition: almost advances that solve complex challenges faced by people everyone will be temporarily or permanently affected by with disabilities in the areas of pain, mobility, agility, a disability at some point in life. A fully accessible Ontario hearing, seeing and more. ensures social inclusion at a time of need, and enriches It is a great time to jump onboard and create new the lives of all Ontarians through the implementation of accessibility innovations. Not only is the market Universal Design principles in the products and services we opportunity tremendously attractive, but also the all consume. resources available to entrepreneurs and innovators in It’s also the smart thing to do. A more accessible Ontario Ontario have never been better. Programs include access will accelerate the growth of prosperity in the province: to mentors and advisors, education workshops, market increased per capita GDP, creation of new intellectual intelligence, and access to capital. The Government of property enhancing the province’s global competitiveness, Ontario is also committed to providing all Ontarians the increased efficiency and productivity, $1.5 billion in new opportunity to participate in the social and cultural life of tourism spending and up to $9.6 billion in retail spending the province, be productive community members, and the are some of the benefits. beneficiaries of a growing economy – and ensuring a more accessible province by 2025. 03 PART 1: Taking the lead: Making Ontario accessible Introduction In 2006, Canada was home to approximately 4.4 million Seniors at highest risk people with disabilities, which is approximately 14.3% of The percentage of Ontarians with disabilities increases the overall population.1 The number of people reporting considerably with age, from less than 3.5% for children having a disability is expected to double by 2036, to 8.7 under 15 years old to 61.3% for the older adult (those million Canadians (approximately 20% of the population).2 75 years and older), which is almost double the rate of The percentage of people with disabilities varies across disability for seniors aged 65 to 74 year old3 (Figure 2). the country (Figure 1). In Ontario, 15.5% of the population This tendency is directly correlated to a person’s health: as (about 1.85 million individuals, or 1 in 7 people) reported overall health declines due to acute and chronic disease, having a disability in 2006 (Table 1). disability rates increase. The incidence of chronic diseases (such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and arthritis) increases with age.4 In fact, the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care estimates that 80% of those over the age of 45 (roughly 3.7 million Ontarians) were living with a chronic condition in 2003.5 Population with a disability, by region, 2006 Furthermore, as our seniors continue to age, the likelihood of developing multiple chronic diseases increases, and with it, the likelihood of disability Canada 14.3% (Figure 3). The world’s