communication technologies (ICT) are Tactile Sight has completed proof-of-concept work on the designed for diversities (implementing the principle of technology with Toronto Rehab and Baycrest. It is currently inclusive design) so that they accommodate people with testing the device further with select partners and plans to varying abilities, languages, cultures, gender, age and soon commercialize the Tactile Belt. other forms of human differences. The IDRC tackles ICT-based challenges in a variety of realms, from education and health, to government services and policy, to transit, retail, galleries, museums and more. Projects are varied, as the Centre aims to create international specifications and standards, educational materials and learning systems, policies and user interfaces. Additionally, the IDRC offers a master’s-level graduate program in inclusive design. “Our philosophy is to not do things that other people can do. We try to pioneer in areas where there hasn’t been a strategy developed yet,” says Treviranus. “Then when someone else can do it, we pass it on to them. In choosing projects, we usually try to pick projects where we haven’t as yet discovered a way to address a particular challenge.” IDRC has been a pioneer in many developments in web accessibility, such as developing the first 24 Project Description Flexible Learning for Open Floe provides the resources needed to enable inclusive access to personally Education (FLOE) relevant, engaging learning opportunities for the full diversity of learners and content producers. Through the Open Education Resources community, Floe makes tools that help transform, augment, and personalize the learning experience Fluid The Fluid community is an international group of designers, developers, volunteers, and advisers who focus on a common mission: improving the user experience of community and open source web applications. To accomplish this goal, Fluid addresses the issue of user experience on all levels, making accessible by design. Integrating Accessibility into The AEGIS project is a global 20-member consortium that seeks to use third Emerging ICT (AEGIS) generation access techniques to deeply embed accessibility into mainstream ICT (desktop, rich Internet and mobile applications). This approach is developed and explored with the Open Accessibility Framework (OAF) through which aspects of the design, development and deployment of accessible mainstream ICT are addressed CollectionSpace CollectionSpace is an open-source collections management application that meets the needs of museums, historical societies, and other collection- holding organizations. CollectionSpace is designed to be configurable to each organization’s needs, serving as a gateway to digital and physical assets across an institution. ATutor ATutor is an Open Source Web-based Learning Management System (LMS) designed with accessibility and adaptability in mind. ATutor’s availability as Open Source makes it a cost effective tool for both small and large organizations presenting their instructional materials on the Web, or delivering fully independent online courses. With ATutor, students learn in an adaptive learning environment. Canadian Network The Canadian Network for Inclusive Cultural Exchange is a multi-partner network for Inclusive Cultural that has worked together to ensure that Canadian cultural content on-line, and the tools available to participate in creating this content, are accessible to Exchange (CNICE) everyone in Canada, including people with disabilities.