their latest ICT technology to enhance “Evolve” platform that combines the Support Stream public safety. The software technology, VITAS and a virtual office component. is used in digital signage and display kiosks in large The latter component will allow organizations to scale high-traffic public spaces such as hospitals, universities, in a virtual environment without incurring physical office towers, transportation terminals and retail shops. infrastructure costs. As an example, one non-profit client Jibestream is currently deployed in facilities around of Dolphin received funds to grow its operation but was the world, including St. Michael’s Hospital in Toronto, restricted in spending on capital costs such as physical Veterans Affairs Canada, the US Department of Defense desk spaces. Using the virtual office technology, Dolphin (the Pentagon), NATO Headquarters in Belgium, and it set up 100 virtual spaces in one month so that the non- is currently in the process of launching in Central South profit could expand its operations with staff working from America. The company was co-founded by current CEO their homes. Chris Wiegand in 2009. “We hire the person and other than that very first question, A significant innovation in Jibestream’s solution is to ‘do you require accommodation?’, it likely will never be incorporate Human Factor Engineering techniques and discussed again because the job is about their skills. We principles to provide personalized real-time information are about intellectual property. That’s what our company based on user profile-driven interfaces, including needs, that’s what we invest in, that’s what we develop, recognition devices to assist users with disabilities. In that’s what we grow. What we didn’t anticipate was the the past, it has implemented features for universities loyalty, the dedication, the absolute continuous investment where a user can push a button to lower the controls for in themselves and in our business. That is why we will someone in a wheelchair. In other instances, users can continue to hire in that forum.” – Jamie Burton, Dolphin swipe their access card to display more personalized Digital Technologies wayfinding interfaces and information, such as barrier-free accessibility routes. 22 Jibestream is partnering with the Sheridan Elder Research Centre (SERC) in Oakville, Ontario, to help resolve key challenges SERC faces in providing accessible wayfinding. In Wiegand’s view, there is a large educational aspect to the new compliance regulations in providing accessibility. He believes that many companies would comply if they understood what was required of them, but interactive and digital media continues to be a grey area for many industries. The goal for Jibestream is to stay ahead of the curve and learn as much as it can to continue to be a leader in this space. SERC has been a valuable resource to Jibestream, helping in areas such as conducting research on different regulatory requirements, and supplying the users to test and audit the company’s software for compliance and offer feedback. Jibestream develops applications with an open architecture so that their products can integrate with evolving technologies. A key differentiator of its products (since the users also is the ability to converge with third-party data and require training)