enjoy — videos, TV shows, movies, music and plays — accessible to everyone. 33 PART 3: Call to action There has never been a better time for entrepreneurs answering a few questions, organizations can find out and innovators to address the needs of people with which accessibility requirements they need to meet and disabilities. Not only is enabling accessibility with innovative by when. For telephone assistance, MEDTE has partnered technologies and services the right thing to do, but it’s with ServiceOntario to deliver answers to routine the smart thing to do. Addressing the needs of people questions about the AODA and accessibility standards. with disabilities, an aging population and all Ontarians MEDTE also runs a help desk to handle more complex through inclusively designed products and technologies telephone inquiries – callers are transferred there directly is a tremendous opportunity – estimated at $8 trillion for from Service Ontario. In addition, MEDTE administers the US and Ontario. Support for Ontario entrepreneurs is the EnAbling Change Program which provides financial stronger than ever, through a cluster of programs delivered support and expertise to non-profit organizations so they by Ontario’s ministries and member organizations, can education an industry or sector on their obligations so it’s easy to get started. Support initiatives include under the act. commitments to support a fully accessible Ontario with specific timelines for implementation, funding programs The Ministry of Research and Innovation for innovative research and commercialization initiatives, The goal at the Ministry of Research and Innovation (MRI) mentorship and education, market research, and events. is to help grow a strong, innovative economy that provides jobs and prosperity for all Ontarians. MRI has a number of Government of Ontario programs to help entrepreneurs start and accelerate the growth of their business, helping them grow within the The Government of Ontario is committed to providing all province and internationally. By addressing key challenges Ontarians the opportunity to participate in the social and in the innovation ecosystem, MRI helps entrepreneurs in cultural life of our province, be productive community innovative strategic industries bypass the productivity members, and the beneficiaries of a growing economy. gap by increasing access to capital, and catalyzing This commitment is reflected in the enactment of the collaborations between entrepreneurs, academia, and AODA. The goal of the AODA is to make Ontario accessible investors. One of the landmark programs developed by MRI for people with disabilities by 2025. The Province is moving is the Ontario Network of Entrepreneurs. towards this by developing, implementing and enforcing standards in the areas of customer service, information and communications, employment, transportation and the design of public spaces. The Ministry of Economic Development, Trade, and Employment The Ministry of Economic Development, Trade, and Employment (MEDTE) leads an extensive outreach effort to educate organizations across the province about their responsibilities with respect to the AODA standards. It provides help both online and by phone. Online at ontario.ca/AccessON, MEDTE has developed a user-friendly tool (the “AODA Compliance Wizard”) to help organizations learn about their responsibilities and source the information they need. By anonymously 34 The Ontario Network Regional