us than we can address.” - Jutta Treviranus, Inclusive Design Lab (IATSL) Research Centre The Intelligent Assistive Technology and Systems Lab Employment (IATSL) is a research lab at the Department of Occupational ICT Science and Occupational Therapy at the University of Toronto, working in collaboration with Toronto Rehab. As director and associate professor, Alex Mihailidis leads a research team that is exploring the intersection of artificial intelligence, sensors and assistive technology. Their projects include: • Developing and testing “zero-effort technologies” that will help aging adults to return to work or remain in their homes, and reduce the need for care-givers • Help clinicians move toward a model of ambient healthcare • Develop programs for people with disabilities of all ages, from children with developmental disabilities to older adults with dementia • Improve the rehabilitation process following injury and disease 26 As a leading research lab in this field of study, the team develop and test various technology. Ideally, the IATSL also develops frameworks, guidelines and methodologies envisions having access to a “living lab” that would entail related to Universal design so that other stakeholders can a community of a hundred homes where its technologies better understand what kind of technologies are needed could be installed and studied on a longitudinal basis. As and how to develop and implement them. recruitment for this type of project is difficult, the lab continues to improve ways to field test their technology A major research area of the IATSL is the development of in real homes of older adults and collect information to smart home systems and intelligent prompting systems further their work. that will allow older adults to “age-in-place.” Such systems use artificial intelligence to learn about a person’s Looking ahead, the IATSL would like to see two trends behaviour and activities so that adaptable, timely and bolster their efforts. The lab hopes the cost of technology relevant computerized prompts can aid those who need will decrease enough to allow its applications to become assistance in completing necessary tasks. These prompting consumer products and gain greater traction in people’s systems may also be applied to occupational settings: the homes. Home systems today can cost several thousands of IATSL is collaborating with the University of Colorado to dollars and robotic systems can cost about $100,000 — far apply a similar type of prompting system to assembly work beyond the means of many households. The lab also hopes in a factory, with the goal of enabling employment for to see funding from stakeholders increase in accordance people with disabilities. with the growing acknowledgement and verbal support for work of this kind. Another area of the lab’s research focuses on technology that uses computer vision and artificial intelligence to “The current way we provide healthcare (that is, typically detect falls. Simple devices are available today where in a hospital or a doctor’s office or these acute kind of if a user falls, they can press a button and ask for help. settings) is not going to be able to sustain the aging The goal with the new technology