however, is not the only feature that attracts industry Electronics and Instrumentation Development Workshop partners to Toronto Rehab: they also gain access to Mechanical Workshop leading designers, prototype specialists, workshops, labs Research and Design Studio and equipment that that small companies rarely have themselves, and they are involved in product development right from the start, unlike conventional technology transfer models for licensing innovation. 30 National Centre The research effort yielded six universal design principles geared for hearing. The six principles include: for Audiology, 1. Optimize the hearing environment for all. Western University 2. Optimize interactions between persons and objects to promote better hearing in an environment. Based out of London, Ontario, the National Centre for Audiology (NCA) specializes in a number of research areas 3. Optimize opportunities for people to have multiple related to audiology, including hearing science, speech choices of interactions with one another. communication, hearing aids and aural rehabilitation. 4. Optimize opportunities for people to perform different activities in and across environments. At NCA, two prominent scientists are focusing on universal design principles in relation to hearing. Instead 5. Optimize the opportunity for people have safe, of concentrating the individual who requires hearing private and secure use of the environment assistance, Drs. Mary Beth Jennings and Margaret while minimizing distraction/interference, or (Meg) Cheesman are thinking more broadly about our cognitive loading. environment and how it can be hearing-accessible for 6. Optimize opportunities for people to use the everyone, as we all face challenges in difficult listening environment without extra steps for hearing access environments. Only 10% to 20% of those who could benefit during preparatory, use and/or after-use phases. from using a hearing instrument actually purchase them; the rest (80% to 90%) do not, and many people are not Using these six principles, the team is now developing even aware they have a hearing loss. Given these statistics, a web-based assessment tool to help rate various Jennings explains, she and Cheesman decided to look environments. Its purpose is to help create more spaces more globally at how to make environments accessible for in which hearing is easier for everyone (with or without everyone. “We took the original universal design principles a disability). Such a tool will be useful in assessing and and we started to work with people with hearing loss to improving accessibility in places such as airports, transit figure out how we would rewrite those so we would have stations, grocery stores, movie theatres and offices. principles of universal design for hearing,” says Jennings. 31 Currently, architects must follow certain principles and codes when designing spaces. These set out the rules and responsibilities for structural integrity, sound levels escaping to adjacent spaces and so on. However, architectural design and most building codes do not specify communication requirements within a room. Research at NCA is working to change that. “If you are dealing with a person with disability, [it can often be invisible]. People who are hard of hearing can enter a room, smile and nod and look like they are actively participating, but the level of engagement and