or desirable. The effect can be to aspects of Dolphin’s virtual help desk services is their block innovation in the whole process. Nevertheless, Silva platform Support Stream. Unlike a traditional online chat is optimistic about the changes he sees on both fronts. He service, this platform allows skilled network technicians has seen initiatives in many countries where people with to remotely make repairs or demonstrate how to solve a disabilities are fighting for better accommodation of their technical problem. In 2011 they received the “Innovator needs and the opportunity to spend their government of the Year” award at the Canadian Manufacturers & subsidies in ways that increase their inclusion in society. Exporters national forum in Ottawa, in recognition of their The increasing affordability of consumer technologies also achievements in providing barrier-free employment to facilitates direct-to-consumer sales of innovative products. people with disabilities. Dolphin is currently in the process Tecla, as an example, was intentionally developed as a of taking what it has learned in this area and creating a direct-to-consumer product, so that end-users had the platform that other organizations can deploy. option to purchase the technology themselves. Six of the 11 employees at Dolphin have disabilities and In the short term, Komodo is examining ways to further all employees bring high technical skills and are paid at reduce the cost of the Tecla unit while improving technical or above industry rates. Identifying, screening and hiring performance, to make the tool even more accessible to a employees with adequate technical skills was an early general consumer market. Over the long term, their vision challenge for the company since such individuals are is to become a standard provider of switch-accessible generally in high demand and low supply, creating a very technology, so that “when people think about switch-access competitive recruiting environment. In the early days in any context, they’ll think about Komodo,” says Silva. of Dolphin, the Burtons were inspired by an employee The company hopes to find partners to work on delivering of one of their client organizations. That person was an accessible control of a person’s surrounding environment, excellent technical problem solver and happened to have a from calling the elevator and opening doors to controlling physical disability. Around the same time, through working the lights and the thermostat all via a mobile device. with non-profit organizations like the March of Dimes, While Komodo is starting with projects focused on mobile they came to understand that there was relatively high devices, the company’s eventual goal lies in exploring how unemployment among people with disabilities. Being a these devices can better leverage investments already virtual company, the Burtons realized that Dolphin could made in accessibility infrastructure. overcome some of the traditional barriers for people with physical disabilities (e.g., having to report for work in a “People in the assistive technology market always assume particular office) and began reaching out to employment it is very small. It is a kind of catch-22 because the more service providers in this area. inaccessible things are, the smaller the market stays. Once things become accessible, we