very severe mobility-related disability. The levels of severity for individual disabilities are combined to provide a measure of the overall level of severity. Persons with Disabilities percentage of the total population 70% Canada Ontario 61.3% 60% 57.8% 50% 40% 36.9% 33.5% 30% 22.4% 19.3% 20% 8.3% 9.1% 10% 4.7% 5.1% 3.4% 3.5% 1.2% 1.0% 0% Age: 0 to 4 5 to 14 15 to 24 25 to 44 45 to 64 65 to 74 75 and older Figure 2: Population with a disability by age, Canada and Ontario, 2006. Source: Statistics Canada 05 Canadians with chronic conditions by age Figure 3: The percentage of Canadians with no, one, or two or more chronic diseases in various age groups, 2010. Sources: Healthcare Quarterly and Statistics Canada Types of disabilities Traditionally, societal attitudes towards people with any degree of physical disability, infirmity, malformation disabilities fostered assumptions that people with or disfigurement that is caused by bodily injury, birth disabilities were born with the disability, that it is physical defect or illness; a condition of mental impairment or in nature and that it lasts a lifetime. We now know better: a developmental disability; a learning disability, or a disabilities are far more diverse. Disabilities can be physical, dysfunction in one or more of the processes involved in emotional or cognitive. They can be visible or invisible, understanding or using symbols or spoken language; or short-term or long term, or even episodic. The impact of a mental disorder. the disability can vary greatly, from being mild to severe. In general, one can conclude that no two individuals Simply put, a disability refers to the negative aspects of experience the same disability in the same way. In fact, the the interaction between individuals with a health condition same individual may well experience a disability differently (such as cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, depression, injury) if it were to occur at different times during his or her life. and societal and environmental factors (such as negative For these reasons, the definition of “disability” is difficult to attitudes of others, inaccessible transportation and identify. The Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, public buildings, and limited social supports). Therefore, 2005 (AODA) adopts a broad definition for disability as: disabilities are not defined in terms of specific categories 06 Types of disabilities common in Ontarians. Type of disability Description Notes Mobility disability Difficulty walking up and down • Most common disability type among seniors a flight of stairs, standing in one • Experienced more by women than men spot for 20 minutes or moving from one room to another Agility disability Difficulty bending down, dressing • Second most-common type of disability or undressing, getting in and out among seniors of bed, or grasping small objects • More common in women than men Pain disability Constant pain or recurring periods • Third most-common type of disability of pain resulting in a notable among seniors reduction in the amount or kind of • Women more likely than men to report a activities someone can do pain disability Hearing disability Difficulty hearing another person •