online as a set of tools that enable people with disabilities on open source software to work with their hardware to control their mobile device using interfaces they are products. This combination allows other users to adapt, already familiar with, such as wheelchair-driving controls enhance and build upon its technology. The company’s or adapted switches. The set consists of a hardware first product is Tecla, a set of tools that helps make mobile component, the Tecla Shield (a Bluetooth device that devices more accessible. Komodo is led by Jorge Silva, a makes it possible to connect switches or wheelchair-driving researcher in the Inclusive Design Research Centre (IDRC) controls to the mobile device), which interacts with a at OCAD University. software component. The software is a freely downloadable application for a smartphone or tablet. Together the Silva (a co-founder of Komodo) and his business partner, components deliver a consistent and usable switch-access Mauricio Meza, have been working closely with people with experience to those unable to manipulate a mobile device disabilities over the past ten years: Silva as a researcher due to disease or disability. in rehabilitation engineering, and Meza as a clinician in rehabilitation medicine. Through their extensive 20 When asked about some of the challenges faced in Dolphin Digital Technologies addressing the accessibility market, Silva notes two major factors. One factor is a general assumption that the market Dolphin Digital Technologies for accessible technology and people with disabilities is is a professional IT Employment small and niche. While this is untrue, Silva explains that this consulting firm based in consumer segment can appear this way because it has Kitchener, Ontario. Current ICT been marginalized and cannot fully participate. A second president Scott Burton and and related barrier is that assistive technology companies his wife and vice-president, are set up to supply products and services to funding Jamie Burton, launched the company in 2006. Today agencies and insurance companies as the consumer, as Dolphin is a virtual company with 11 employees, specializing opposed to targeting the actual end-user. With this system, in designing network infrastructure, business process product and service providers must steer past gatekeepers audits and virtual support desk services for businesses who can decide for an entire market segment whether and non-profit organizations. One of the most innovative a product is necessary or desirable. The effect can be to aspects of Dolphin’s virtual help desk services is their block innovation in the whole process. Nevertheless, Silva platform Support Stream. Unlike a traditional online chat is optimistic about the changes he sees on both fronts. He service, this platform allows skilled network technicians has seen initiatives in many countries where people with to remotely make repairs or demonstrate how to solve a disabilities are fighting for better accommodation of their technical problem. In 2011 they received the “Innovator needs and the opportunity to spend their government of the Year” award at the Canadian Manufacturers & subsidies in ways that increase their inclusion in society. Exporters national forum in Ottawa, in recognition of their The increasing affordability of consumer technologies also achievements