He believes that many companies would comply if they understood what was required of them, but interactive and digital media continues to be a grey area for many industries. The goal for Jibestream is to stay ahead of the curve and learn as much as it can to continue to be a leader in this space. SERC has been a valuable resource to Jibestream, helping in areas such as conducting research on different regulatory requirements, and supplying the users to test and audit the company’s software for compliance and offer feedback. Jibestream develops applications with an open architecture so that their products can integrate with evolving technologies. A key differentiator of its products (since the users also is the ability to converge with third-party data and require training) and so Built technology, and share information with other applications Environment are not suitable for use by and devices. In future, the company would like to work individuals with transient on greater integration with mobile technology so that ICT disabilities or those with users can operate its software using a personal device, for cognitive disabilities, such as example, from a wheelchair. Jibestream will continue to Alzheimer’s disease. work on tighter integration between user data and back- end systems, as well as greater automation to allow for Tactile Sight Inc., a University of Waterloo spinoff currently alternate accessible routes when needed (e.g., should a based in Guelph, is developing innovations with the an certain elevator not be available). It also aims to leverage objective to complement and/or replace the services emerging capabilities such as the Intel AIM software of guide dogs. Their first product, the Tactile Belt™, is that can recognize the age of a user and deliver age- an affordable wearable device that enables users to appropriate interfaces. navigate using only touch. Invented by Dr. John Zelek, a Systems Design Engineering professor at the University of “I think, in general, everybody should be cognizant of an Waterloo, the Tactile Belt uses a combination of a state-of- aging population… The Sheridan Elder Research Centre has the-art GPS, self-calibrating inertial sensors, an altimeter, really opened my eyes to a whole group of entrepreneurs an accelerometer, a compass, magnetometer tactile and different businesses that are studying an aging motors and customised software to guide its users to population and providing the services that they need.” – where they need to go. It uses no display — all information Chris Wiegand, Jibestream Interactive Media is conveyed via touch — the belt “nudges” the user in the right direction. The user programs the belt to where they Tactile Sight Inc. need to go (for example, to the corner store and back) and the belt enables the user to independently make the trip. Persons with visual impairments often rely on guide dogs to remain mobile and independent. Some of the challenges The company plans to improve the current prototype by with using guide dogs are their limited availability and adding new features, such as support for smartphones and cost. The training of guide dogs may take up to two years