Toronto Rehab hospitals in North America. It is also home to an Built Environment outstanding research iDAPT Centre for Rehabilitation Research: program with one of the Research activities ICT world’s most advanced • Artificial intelligence and robotics rehabilitation research • Cardiopulmonary fitness facilities. Research at Toronto Rehab focuses on nine activity areas — from artificial intelligence to cognition to • Cognition mobility — at the intersection of engineering, computer • Communication science and medicine. The research program is headed by Dr. Geoff Fernie, a thirty-year veteran in rehabilitation • Mobility science and mechanical/biomedical research, with a • Neural engineering and therapeutics knack for universal design. “Because I’ve always been interested in making life happier for people, making it less • Optimization of the rehabilitation system burdensome, I’ve always been interested in coming up with • Sleep and upper airway practical solutions to common problems that seem to be overlooked by the academic community,” explains Fernie. 28 Research Innovation Description Industry Partner RoboNurse This ride-on machine is designed to take a load off the backs of China, plus various caregivers who are dealing with a growing population of obese patients. Guided by a trained nurse, the robot can lift very heavy patients out of bed and move them to a chair or down the hall for tests. SensiMat This product is a thin cushion that goes underneath a wheelchair Elmedex cushion. Designed to prevent pressure sores, sensors inside can detect if pressure is building. SoleSensor™ SoleSensor is a special footwear insole designed to enhance balance AJ Hart Group by heightening sole sensation. The SoleSensor has a raised ridge that surrounds the perimeter of the foot, stopping just short of the large toe, which helps increase “sensory perception.” Winter footwear Injuries related to falling on ice or snow are a growing problem, Workplace Safety particularly with an aging population. Postal workers are also and Insurance especially at risk because they walk in all types of weather across a Board (Ontario) range of surfaces. Toronto Rehab has completed a study of how well winter boots and anti-slip devices do on different surfaces, leading to the development of new design criteria. Eliminating barriers Traditional roadside curbs often present a barrier to people who N/A use walkers or wheelchairs. Toronto Rehab is working to improve accessibility through a road design that raises the height of the roadbed at intersections to the level of the curb. At the heart of the research program is the iDAPT Centre Environment Assessment Lab (CEAL). CEAL houses for Rehabilitation Research, a $36-million initiative the world’s first hydraulic motion simulator designed that brings together the brightest research minds and to replicate real-world environmental challenges faced state-of-the-art technology. A first of its kind, the iDAPT by people with disabilities and seniors, or those with Centre consists of 15 cutting-edge labs, workshops and illness and injury. The simulator is unique in that it can other research spaces where Toronto Rehab scientists be equipped with different chambers and be lifted off work in partnership with industry alongside clinicians, its base, mimicking various motions, slopes, terrains and