MaRS Market Insights Towards an Accessible Future: Ontario Innovators in Accessibility and Universal Design Author Hadi Salah, Industry Analyst, Life Sciences & Healthcare, MaRS Market Intelligence Hyun-Duck Chung, Information Specialist, Life Sciences & Healthcare, MaRS Market Intelligence To download the original report, please visit www.marsdd.com/news-insights/mars-reports/. For further information, please contact Hadi Salah at hsalah@marsdd.com. An EnAbling Change Partnership project with the Government of Ontario Disclaimer: The information provided in this report is presented in summary form, is general in nature, current only as of the date of publication and is provided for informational purposes only. MaRS Discovery District, ©February 2013 02 Executive summary This is not surprising – the total disposable income of people with disabilities is $25 billion in Canada, and up to $220 billion in the US. The market for products and There are 4.4 million people with disabilities in Canada services specifically targeting people with disabilities today – 14.3% of the population. People are living longer (excluding vision aides and mobility devices) is estimated at and having fewer children, resulting in an aging population $8 billion annually in North America. that is expected to be a key factor in the doubling of the number of people with disabilities in the next two decades. The real opportunity, however, lies in the emerging The types of disabilities faced by Canadians are varied – Universal Design movement. Well-designed products, and can be physical, emotional, or cognitive. They can be services and environments using Universal Design visible or invisible, short-term or long-term, or episodic. principles not only serve the needs of people with disabilities, but are more broadly useful, and positively In 2005, Ontario was one of the first jurisdictions in the impact the wider population. It is estimated that the world to enact legislation (the Accessibility for Ontarians adoption of Universal Design principles across numerous with Disabilities Act [AODA]) that set specific enforceable market segments in the US and Ontario is a $2 trillion goals for accessibility, with mandatory reporting for all business opportunity for startups, entrepreneurs, and organizations (public and private). The goal of the AODA innovators. The demand for innovations in this space has is to create an inclusive society where everyone can spurred the creation of startups and research institutes participate to his or her full potential, creating a level across the globe. Eleven startups and research institutes playing field for all Ontarians. from Ontario’s innovation ecosystem are profiled in this Why make Ontario more accessible? It’s the right thing document: these innovators have developed first-in-class to do! Disability is part of the human condition: almost advances that solve complex challenges faced by people everyone will be temporarily or permanently affected by with disabilities in the areas of pain, mobility, agility, a disability at some point in life. A fully accessible Ontario hearing, seeing and more. ensures social inclusion at a time of need, and enriches It is a great time to jump onboard and create new the lives of all Ontarians through the implementation of accessibility innovations. Not only is the market Universal Design principles in the products