enforcement? goals? goals? All public Ontario AODA and private organizations Canadian Most public Canada Human and private Rights Act organizations Americans Most public US with Disabili- and private ties Act organizations Most public UK Equality Act and private organizations Act Concern- ing Support Individuals. and Service This is a Sweden for Persons support with Certain -based Act Functional Impairments Disability Most public Australia Discrimination and private Act organizations Most public Enabling Singapore and private Masterplan organizations Convention on the Rights Most public UN of Persons and private with Disabil- organizations ities Table 4: Summary of key legislation and initiatives around the world dealing with the rights of people with disabilities (Analysis by MaRS Discovery District) 11 Rationale: Why accessibility? the expected cost of compliance with the AODA, a major concern for both public and private organizations, can be offset by gains in the market size. The study concludes that The right thing to do: We all benefit implementation of the AODA is advantageous for Ontario, Accessibility is the right thing to do. We all want to be for business and for the public. It notes: treated well, and want to treat others the way we want • The educational attainment of people with disabilities to be treated. The small steps we take to enable social will increase, creating new intellectual property and inclusion — making it easier to shop, watch a movie, surf enhancing Ontario’s global competitiveness the Internet, work and travel — will have a significantly large impact on people with disabilities. Disability is part of the • Higher participation rates for people with human condition: almost everyone will be temporarily or disabilities will occur in the labour force, increasing permanently affected by a disability at some point in life. A overall incomes recent survey12 indicates that of all Canadians who reported • Per capita GDP will increase significantly, by up to a disability at some point between 1999 and 2004, only $800 annually 13% were affected all six years, suggesting that the onset of a disability can occur throughout a person’s life, whether • Increased efficiency, productivity and innovation due to an episodic nature of the disability or a sudden will take place along with the creation of new turn of events. Furthermore, as Ontario’s population shifts businesses to serve people with disabilities and toward an older demographic, and as the rate of disability enhance products and services available to people increases with age, the numbers show that most of us will without disabilities experience a disability as we age. Eliminating barriers that • The tourism sector will see $1.5 billion in new prevent people from fully participating in society is not only spending, helping generate increases in retail sales the right thing to do, but universal accessibility standards and Universal Design principles enrich the lives of all • Retail sales will see a projected increase in Ontario Ontarians — from families travelling with young children of $3.8 to $9.6 billion five years after the full AODA and older parents to shoppers to tourists to students of all compliance is