providing the services that they need.” – where they need to go. It uses no display — all information Chris Wiegand, Jibestream Interactive Media is conveyed via touch — the belt “nudges” the user in the right direction. The user programs the belt to where they Tactile Sight Inc. need to go (for example, to the corner store and back) and the belt enables the user to independently make the trip. Persons with visual impairments often rely on guide dogs to remain mobile and independent. Some of the challenges The company plans to improve the current prototype by with using guide dogs are their limited availability and adding new features, such as support for smartphones and cost. The training of guide dogs may take up to two years the ability to sync with leading mapping applications such and cost upwards of $65,000. Furthermore, their use is as Google Maps. Another feature under development is the restricted to persons with long-term visual impairments incorporation of machine vision; that is, using a camera 23 and object recognition algorithm to increase the accuracy Inclusive Design Research of the device. Centre, OCAD University The applications of such a device are numerous. In addition to use by Alzheimer’s patients who require wayfinding Formerly known as the University assistance and those who are visually impaired, the of Toronto Adaptive Technology ICT underlying technology of the Tactile Belt has broad appeal Resource Centre, the Inclusive Design for commercial users, including long-term care operators Research Centre (IDRC) at OCAD and managers of commercial properties (e.g., malls, University was founded in 1993 by Jutta Treviranus. The airports, retailers). Tactile Sight envisions that commercial Centre has about 30 permanent staff participating in partners will be able to communicate with next-generation approximately 20 research projects at any one time. All Tactile Belt products, indoors and outdoors, to assist users projects run as large multi-sector national, international in navigating complex environments. A property manager, and multi-partner research initiatives. A large international for example, can communicate messages to users based network of open source developers, designers, researchers, on proximity inside a shopping centre. Other users of the advocates and volunteers help make them successful. technology may include first responders, the military and automotive manufacturers. The goal of the IDRC is to make sure that emerging information and communication technologies (ICT) are Tactile Sight has completed proof-of-concept work on the designed for diversities (implementing the principle of technology with Toronto Rehab and Baycrest. It is currently inclusive design) so that they accommodate people with testing the device further with select partners and plans to varying abilities, languages, cultures, gender, age and soon commercialize the Tactile Belt. other forms of human differences. The IDRC tackles ICT-based challenges in a variety of realms, from education and health, to government services and policy, to transit, retail, galleries, museums and more. Projects are varied, as the Centre aims to create international specifications and standards, educational materials and learning systems, policies and user interfaces. Additionally, the IDRC offers a master’s-level graduate program in inclusive design. “Our philosophy is to not do