motor, visual, flexibility, in Cambridge, Massachusette, dexterity and strength of a person in their MIT AgeLab researchers partner mid-70s to research a senior’s accessibility with businesses, governments, requirements in retail, transportation, home, and non-profits globally to develop new solutions community, and workplace environments. designed to enhance the quality of life of an aging • Interactive Consumer Design & Evaluation population. As we age, our likelihood of acquiring a (I-CoDE): a lab environment designed to create chronic disease and/or a disability increases, making customized user interfaces that meets the everyday tasks harder and less accessible – and that needs to older individuals, and is especially is the problem MIT is trying to solve. Through the useful for designing consumer electronics, innovative use of technology, MIT AgeLab research websites, automobile dashboards, packaging focuses on the following broad categories: and other design challenges. • Health & Wellness • NavStudio: especially useful for the people with • Transportation & Community cognitive disability, NavStudio is a research platform used to understand how consumers • Housing & Home Services successfully navigate, become distracted, lost, • Business & Policy Innovation give-up, or put-off decisions in the information seeking process in their interaction with print • Longevity & Planning materials, packaging, the web and other forms • Work & Workplace of goal oriented communication. At any one time, researchers at MIT AgeLab • Miss Rosie: Miss Rosie is an especially- are working on a number of project that span equipped Volkswagen Beetle automobile, used 3 interrelated domains: infrastructure (physical to evaluate and assess a driver’s limitations environment), information (or communication and while driving due aging, physical and cognitive comprehension), and strategy. MIT AgeLab has disabilities, disease, or other conditions. developed a unique set of tools ad methods to enable Since its inception, MIT AgeLab has worked on better data capture and solution development, hundreds of projects in collaboration with partners including the following examples: to develop new products, enhance existing product, lead policy discussion, and improve how people with disabilities and the overall aging population interact with their environment, improving their lives in the process. 16 Centre for Excellence in OPENspace (UK) Universal Design (Ireland) OPENspace is a UK-based research centre, established The National Disability in 2001, for inclusive access Authority of Ireland to outdoor environments, and established the Centre operates in association with for Excellence in the University of Edinburgh Universal Design (CEUD) and Heriot-Watt University. The centre’s mandate is in 2007 to realize the full potential of universal design to create innovative solutions to ensure that outdoor (or inclusive design) in all aspect of life. With an ultimate environments are fully accessible by all people, including goal of enabling all people in Ireland to participate fully the older population and people with disabilities. in society to the best of their ability, CEUD has three main activity areas: According to OPENspace, there’s growing evidence that well-designed outdoor spaces can enhance the long- • Develop universal design standards and term health and wellbeing of the people that use them guidelines in the domain of information regularly. If a person with