device. with non-profit organizations like the March of Dimes, While Komodo is starting with projects focused on mobile they came to understand that there was relatively high devices, the company’s eventual goal lies in exploring how unemployment among people with disabilities. Being a these devices can better leverage investments already virtual company, the Burtons realized that Dolphin could made in accessibility infrastructure. overcome some of the traditional barriers for people with physical disabilities (e.g., having to report for work in a “People in the assistive technology market always assume particular office) and began reaching out to employment it is very small. It is a kind of catch-22 because the more service providers in this area. inaccessible things are, the smaller the market stays. Once things become accessible, we see that people with With the overwhelming response they received from this disabilities show up in your spaces and your places, who community, the Burtons quickly realized that there was couldn’t enter it before.” –Jorge Silva, Komodo OpenLab 21 a major gap in the process of testing and screening for relevant IT skills. To address this new challenge, Dolphin leveraged its virtual remote desktop technology, Support Stream, to develop an online assessment tool, which later became the Virtual Technical Assessment Service (VITAS). At Dolphin, anyone who passes the screening telephone interview proceeds to VITAS. Using this tool, the candidate enters remotely into a virtual lab that has certain parameters and technical problems that require a range of basic to intermediate to advanced skills to solve. A scoring system helps evaluators and applicants identify skills that need further development, as well as provide suggestions on how they might obtain that training, before applying again in the future. In addition, Dolphin evaluates training needs with respect to an applicant’s business skills. This is an important element of the process since many Jibestream Interactive candidates are self-taught and have not necessarily had the chance to develop the non-technical business skills that Media are usually acquired through previous office experience. Jibestream Interactive Having helped other organizations use VITAS in their Media is a software company Built recruitment process, Dolphin is now considering how it that specializes in digital Environment can adapt the product to test areas beyond IT proficiency. wayfinding and interactive Meanwhile, the team is hard at work finalizing their latest ICT technology to enhance “Evolve” platform that combines the Support Stream public safety. The software technology, VITAS and a virtual office component. is used in digital signage and display kiosks in large The latter component will allow organizations to scale high-traffic public spaces such as hospitals, universities, in a virtual environment without incurring physical office towers, transportation terminals and retail shops. infrastructure costs. As an example, one non-profit client Jibestream is currently deployed in facilities around of Dolphin received funds to grow its operation but was the world, including St. Michael’s Hospital in Toronto, restricted in spending on capital costs such as physical Veterans Affairs Canada, the US Department of Defense desk spaces. Using the virtual office technology, Dolphin (the Pentagon), NATO Headquarters in Belgium, and