association with for Excellence in the University of Edinburgh Universal Design (CEUD) and Heriot-Watt University. The centre’s mandate is in 2007 to realize the full potential of universal design to create innovative solutions to ensure that outdoor (or inclusive design) in all aspect of life. With an ultimate environments are fully accessible by all people, including goal of enabling all people in Ireland to participate fully the older population and people with disabilities. in society to the best of their ability, CEUD has three main activity areas: According to OPENspace, there’s growing evidence that well-designed outdoor spaces can enhance the long- • Develop universal design standards and term health and wellbeing of the people that use them guidelines in the domain of information regularly. If a person with a disability is unable to go out communication technologies, everyday and enjoy what the community has to offer, their quality products and services, and built of life decreases significantly. There are many variables environments. Such guidelines and standards involved that can enhance or worsen the accessibility of will enable architects, engineers, application open spaces, and OPENspace has a number of ongoing and product developers and project projects tackling these challenges, including: managers to create innovative inclusive products and services. • I’DGO (Inclusive Design for Getting Outdoors): spanning two phases and 9 years, the I’DGO • Provide learning opportunities (through project explored the impact of barriers – such as courses and seminars) of the principles of traffic, poor pavements, and signage - in outdoor universal design. environments on older people (first phase), then • Raise awareness of the benefits of universal looked at solutions that mitigated and resolved design principles through the development such barriers (phase 2) and measure increased and maintenance of a knowledge base of quality of life. good practice in universal design. CEUD • PLUREL, Peri-urban Land Use Relationships: a is proactive in outreach about using project in collaboration with 31 research centres universal design to mitigate the challenges across Europe, PLUREL is developing new of inaccessibility in various scenarios, strategies and innovative planning and forecasting including information communications tools to study sustainable development of land. technologies, products and services, and OPENspace’s role was to evaluate the potential built environments. impact of different land use change scenarios on the quality of life of residents. All of the services, programs, and guidelines are available online as free resources. CEUD established • Japan FutureCity Initiative: OPENspace is most of these resources with the help of a wide range collaborating with the Japanese government of stakeholders, including government departments, to research environmentally-friendly and industry and business organizations, academics, and age-friendly cities. OPENspace will contribute disability rights groups. expertise in accessibility planning as part of the FutureCity Initiative. OPENspace utilizes an open innovation approach in which it collaborates with multiple stakeholders to conduct its research. Partners include government agencies, not for profits, other research organizations, and private organizations. 17 PART 2: Ontario’s innovators: making accessibility possible Ontario’s innovation ecosystem consists of startups, and professional networking sites (e.g., LinkedIn). The universities, research institutes and talent. This ecosystem,