design that raises the height of the roadbed at intersections to the level of the curb. At the heart of the research program is the iDAPT Centre Environment Assessment Lab (CEAL). CEAL houses for Rehabilitation Research, a $36-million initiative the world’s first hydraulic motion simulator designed that brings together the brightest research minds and to replicate real-world environmental challenges faced state-of-the-art technology. A first of its kind, the iDAPT by people with disabilities and seniors, or those with Centre consists of 15 cutting-edge labs, workshops and illness and injury. The simulator is unique in that it can other research spaces where Toronto Rehab scientists be equipped with different chambers and be lifted off work in partnership with industry alongside clinicians, its base, mimicking various motions, slopes, terrains and students, consumers, engineers and industrial designers. environments (such as ice and snow). The centrepiece of the iDAPT Centre is the Challenging 29 The next addition to the iDAPT Centre will be a driving iDAPT Centre for Rehabilitation Research: simulator. “We’re very concerned that we have an Labs and workshops estimated 26,000 people with dementia driving in Ontario Challenging Environment Assessment Lab (CEAL) at the moment. We know that taking people’s driving Controlled Climate Performance Lab licence is in some way equivalent to the death of a spouse — it’s huge,” says Fernie. “With our planned research, we can Communication Function Lab assess a person’s driving ability, perhaps leading to the Rehabilitation Engineering Lab development of customized licensing programs depending Sleep Lab on the severity of disease.” HomeLab Ultimately, the goal of the research taking place at Toronto CareLab Rehab is to improve people’s lives. The iDAPT Centre works to not only prevent injuries but also help design better Falls Lab products and environments, and to help people recover Swallowing/Rehabilitation Research Lab faster when injuries do take place. The commercialization of innovations is therefore an important component of Intelligent Assistive Technology and Systems Lab (IATSL) what drives scientists at Toronto Rehab, so that the public Movement Evaluation Lab can benefit from their research as soon as possible. Fernie Communication Function Lab and his team commercialize innovations in a number of ways, including through the spinoff of startups (e.g., Physical Function Lab HandyMetrics Corporation, Simple Systems Inc., ApneaDX Rapid Prototyping Workshop Inc.) and partnerships with industry players. Innovation, however, is not the only feature that attracts industry Electronics and Instrumentation Development Workshop partners to Toronto Rehab: they also gain access to Mechanical Workshop leading designers, prototype specialists, workshops, labs Research and Design Studio and equipment that that small companies rarely have themselves, and they are involved in product development right from the start, unlike conventional technology transfer models for licensing innovation. 30 National Centre The research effort yielded six universal design principles geared for hearing. The six principles include: for Audiology, 1. Optimize the hearing environment for all. Western University 2. Optimize interactions between persons and objects to promote better hearing in an environment. Based out of London, Ontario, the National Centre for Audiology (NCA) specializes in a number of research areas 3. Optimize opportunities for