that any such charges be linked directly to the activity proposed by the requester(s) rather than any anticipated response to that activity); and • If the conduct of those participating in the Advocacy would interfere with the College’s academic activities. (d) Content Decisions as to whether to approve a form of Advocacy must be made on a content-neutral basis. The types of expression that are not protected by the Charter are those that are prohibited under the Criminal Code or expression that threatens violence. The Criminal Code prohibits, among other things, degrading and dehumanizing pornography and “hate propaganda,” defined as “expression intended or likely to create or circulate extreme feelings of opprobrium and enmity against a racial or religious group”, but does not prohibit the expression of repugnant ideas which do not expose racial or religious groups to hatred. The College will consider seeking legal advice in circumstances where it is considering imposing limitations on the content of any proposed expression. 7 (e) Other College policies Confirm that the requesting party has agreed to comply with all College policies, including the Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy and the Student Code of Conduct. Step 4 – Decision-maker communicates a decision on the booking request Following the decision-maker’s review, a decision, including in respect of terms and conditions of use, should be communicated in writing (including via email) to the party booking a request. The College will make reasonable efforts to provide a response within three business days of receiving a fully-completed request form. 8 APPENDIX B REQUEST FORM FOR BOOKING COLLEGE FACILITIES FOR ADVOCACY PURPOSES The two-page form which follows should be completed by the individual/group requesting the use of College facilities for Advocacy Purposes, and submitted at least five (5) business days ahead of the planned use. 9 Application Form for Approval to Use George Brown College Facilities for an Advocacy Purpose Applicant to fill out on behalf of the Organization or Group Name of Organization/Group (the “Advocacy Group”) Name of Representative for Organization/Group (the “Applicant”) Applicant Relationship to College, if any Contact Information for the Tel: Applicant E-mail: Event Description Proposed Location Alternative Location Proposed Date Proposed Time and Duration Estimated Number of Participants/Attendants from the Advocacy Group Terms and Conditions 1. I, on behalf of the Advocacy Group, have read George Brown College’s (“GBC”) Policy for the Use of Facilities for Advocacy Purposes; 2. I and the Advocacy Group agree to abide by any terms and conditions of use directed by GBC, including limiting the activities to the particular location assigned for the event by the GBC; 3. I and the Advocacy Group agree to comply with GBC’s Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy and Student Code of Conduct and Discipline; Application form 1 4. If security is required, the Advocacy Group agrees to be responsible for the costs associated with security being present at the event; 5. The Advocacy Group agrees that additional service charges may be associated with the use of GBC’s facilities for advocacy purposes and agree to reimburse GBC for such charges; and 6. I