Use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes Category: Insitutional/Public Policy Number: Responsible Authority: Corporate Services Approval Authority: CMC Date of Original Policy Approval: 2017-04-28 Last Reviewed: 2017-04-27 Mandatory Revision Date: 2018-04-30 PURPOSE The purpose of this policy (the “Policy”) is to outline terms and conditions for the use of College Facilities for peaceful Advocacy Purposes to ensure that College space is used efficiently and responsibly, in ways consistent with College values and priorities, and in a manner that does not interfere with normal academic activities. This policy sets out parameters for managing the use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes and refers to circumstances where internal decision-making is required by the College, including where Facilities Management has received a request to book College Facilities and where “spontaneous” events take place at the College. VALUE BASIS This Use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes Policy aligns with the values of the college: Learning Community – We foster an environment of reciprocal dialogue to ensure learning, solve problems and strengthen the George Brown Community. Excellence – We commit ourselves to delivering a “George Brown standard” of quality and superior performance. Accountability – We hold ourselves responsible to ensure the future sustainability of George Brown, academically and fiscally. Diversity and Respect – We show mutual respect for each other within the community of George Brown including all of our stakeholders, in all of our behaviour. SCOPE TheiPolicy applies to external groups and individuals wishing to engage in Advocacy or Demonstrations on on CollegeFacilities, and to non-academic internal groups seeking the same. DEFINITIONS This includes an explanation of terms and abbreviations used within the policy and procedure. Word/Term Definition Advocacy Expression protected under s. 2(b) of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. A public gathering of people to express an opinion or sentiment by explicit Demonstration means such as picketing, parading, carrying signs or shouting, usually in favour of or opposed to some action or opinion. Use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes Any activity that conveys or attempts to convey meaning (intentially Expression defined broadly). A purpose other than established student, faculty, and staff activities which are part of the course of regular College business including classroom activities, faculty and staff work and research activities, College Advocacy Purpose committee meetings, regular meetings of student government, and other activities necessary to and a regular part of the business of the College, and includes “Special Events” as defined herein. Any of the following: (i) conduct prohibited by law, including but not limited to criminal conduct, (hate propaganda, degrading and dehumanizing pornography, the use of force or violence, threats, intimidation or property damage); (ii) conduct that compromises the College’s ability to maintain a safe and secure environment for all members of its community; (iii) conduct that impedes the conduct of the College’s academic activities, including teaching, research, support services, administration or other meetings authorized by the College; (iv) conduct that threatens the safety of the College community and Prohibited Conduct its members; (v) conduct that occurs in private spaces, such as offices, classrooms, laboratories, and libraries; (vi) conduct