whether the proposed Advocacy is popular or unpopular is not a relevant factor. Step 1 – Facilities Management receives request for booking in writing in advance of proposed use of College Facilities When a request is made pursuant to section 2.1 of the Policy, Facilities Management should review it to ensure that all necessary information has been provided by the requesting party and follow up with the requester where information is missing. If the College learns of imminent or present use of Facilities for Advocacy Purposes and there has been no request, Facilities Management should if possible reach out to those individuals, advise them of the Policy, and invite them to make a request. If those individuals refuse, the matter should be referred to Public Safety & Security. If the College learns of imminent or present use of Facilities for Advocacy Purposes and approval has been denied, the matter should be referred to Public Safety & Security. 5 Step 2 – Booking request and/or all information sent to the appropriate decision-maker(s) Following receipt of a booking request by Facilities Management, Facilities Management should consult with the Vice President, Corporate Services (or his/her designate) and determine whether in the circumstances approval by Public Safety & Security, and/or any other College office, is appropriate. If so, the request should be forwarded to the appropriate decision-maker in those offices for review and approval. Step 3 – Appropriate decision-maker(s) review and consider the booking request In reviewing a booking request for use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes and determining whether and on what terms and conditions to permit the requested activity, decision- makers may consider the factors/questions set out below, imposing limits on use where they are: (1) connected to a clearly identified objective in writing pursuant to a College policy; and (2) reasonable and minimally impair any infringement of the requesting party’s freedom of expression under s. 2(b) of the Charter. The decision-maker(s) must exercise their discretion imposing limitations on expressive activity with a view to striking a reasonable balance between the expressive interest of the requesting party and the objectives of the College. (a) Place The decision-maker(s) may consider imposing limits on the location of any approved Advocacy. Such a limit must be tied to a specific College objective and, if possible, must not impair the individual’s or groups right to freedom of expression no more than is necessary to achieve the objective. The right to free expression applies only to College Facilities which fall within the scope of “public places” where one would expect constitutional protection, based on the historical and actual function of the location. If the location is one where free expression has traditionally occurred, individuals may have a Charter-protected right to express themselves in that location. These areas are sometimes described as “public arenas” or “public forums”, where public meetings/gatherings occur. There are areas of the College that may not attract protection under s. 2(b) of the Charter, including classrooms, offices, libraries, residences, auditoriums, and areas where there is significant movement of people, including busy hallways. Other College objectives