without prior written approval of the College and without obtaining express written releases from all people whose image may be captured. Special Situations The College recognizes that spontaneous Demonstrations or other types of Special Events may arise. The College reserves the right to direct, limit or terminate these gatherings or activities in appropriate circumstances. PROCEDURES See Appendix A. Non-Compliance Implications Any violation of the policy may result in one or more of the following sanctions: • Removal from campus; • Imposition of service charges associated with the violation; and/or • Denial of further permission to use College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes. Where appropriate, violators of this policy may also be subject to penalties under College policies, collective agreements, and under provincial and federal law. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION The request form for booking College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes is attached as Appendix B. RELATED POLICIES • Student Code of Conduct and Discipline • Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy • Public Safety and Security Guidelines 4 APPENDIX A PROCEDURES Background and General Provisions This Procedure must be read in conjunction with the Policy. If there is a conflict between this Procedure and the Policy, the Policy governs. The purpose of this Procedure is to provide guidance on how to make decisions in such circumstances that are in compliance with the right to freedom of expression protected by the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (the “Charter”). This procedure assumes that George Brown is subject to the Charter and that s. 2(b) of the Charter protects freedom of expression in some areas of the College Facilities. The College is entitled to assert the rights of property owners, including controlling entry to and exit from College Facilities in respect of non-Advocacy Purposes. . The Charter protects the freedom of expression of students and non-students in certain locations at the College. Expression is defined broadly as any activity that “conveys or attempts to convey meaning”.This right is not absolute. The Charter does not protect acts of violence or threats of violence. The College may place reasonable limits on the exercise of freedom of expression on College Facilities including limiting Prohibited Conduct as defined in the Policy. The College recognizes that the Policy and this Procedure are to be applied without consideration for the content of expression; in other words, whether the proposed Advocacy is popular or unpopular is not a relevant factor. Step 1 – Facilities Management receives request for booking in writing in advance of proposed use of College Facilities When a request is made pursuant to section 2.1 of the Policy, Facilities Management should review it to ensure that all necessary information has been provided by the requesting party and follow up with the requester where information is missing. If the College learns of imminent or present use of Facilities for Advocacy Purposes and there has been no request, Facilities Management should if possible reach out to those individuals, advise them of the Policy, and invite them to make a request. If those individuals refuse, the matter should be referred to Public Safety & Security.