activities necessary to and a regular part of the business of the College, and includes “Special Events” as defined herein. Any of the following: (i) conduct prohibited by law, including but not limited to criminal conduct, (hate propaganda, degrading and dehumanizing pornography, the use of force or violence, threats, intimidation or property damage); (ii) conduct that compromises the College’s ability to maintain a safe and secure environment for all members of its community; (iii) conduct that impedes the conduct of the College’s academic activities, including teaching, research, support services, administration or other meetings authorized by the College; (iv) conduct that threatens the safety of the College community and Prohibited Conduct its members; (v) conduct that occurs in private spaces, such as offices, classrooms, laboratories, and libraries; (vi) conduct that obstructs to or egress from buildings or spaces inside them that are generally open to members of the College community; (vii) conduct that risks damage or defacement of College Facilities; (viii) conduct that incites, aides, or encourages others to engage in Prohibited Conduct; and (ix) any conduct that is contrary to College policy or specific College direction. A gathering or activity on or using College Facilities that is not normally part of the regular business of the College. Special Events include Special Event Demonstrations, public displays, conferences, seminars, exhibits, theatre productions and concerts. College George Brown College All buildings and grounds, including athletic and recreational fields, College Facilities owned, leased or operated by George Brown College. POLICY General Provisions 1.1 The College has the right and responsibility to control and manage the use of and access to College Facilities in order to: 2 Use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes a. ensure a safe, respectful, and civil environment; b. provide for the College’s essential academic operations; c. protect and maintain the physical assets of the College; and d. protect the reputation of the College. 1.2 Demonstrations and other Special Events for Advocacy Purposes at College Facilities are subject to the required approvals and limitations set out herein. 1.3 No person will engage in Prohibited Conduct while on or using College Facilities. Approvals for use of College Facilities 2.1 A request for booking College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes (see Appendix B) must be made in advance (five business days or more) and in writing and submitted to Facilities Management. 2.2 The use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes must be approved in advance by Facilities Management. 2.3 The use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes may also be subject to the approval of Public Safety & Security, and any other College office as appropriate. 2.4 If the requesting person or organization is likely to engage in Prohibited Conduct, the request may not be approved. The College, in its sole discretion, may require a risk assessment in this regard. 2.5 The number or frequency of reservations for each person or organization may be limited to ensure reasonable access for all persons and organizations seeking to use College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes. 2.6 Normally, the priority ranking for the use of College Facilities is: a. Academic