to Facilities Management. 2.2 The use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes must be approved in advance by Facilities Management. 2.3 The use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes may also be subject to the approval of Public Safety & Security, and any other College office as appropriate. 2.4 If the requesting person or organization is likely to engage in Prohibited Conduct, the request may not be approved. The College, in its sole discretion, may require a risk assessment in this regard. 2.5 The number or frequency of reservations for each person or organization may be limited to ensure reasonable access for all persons and organizations seeking to use College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes. 2.6 Normally, the priority ranking for the use of College Facilities is: a. Academic or administrative users, b. Academic invitees, c. Recognized College student groups; and d. Approved third parties, including visitors. 2.7 Space will not be booked to individuals or organizations who have outstanding payment balances to the College. Terms and Conditions of Use 3.1 The requesting person or organization will agree to refrain from engaging in Prohibited Conduct. 3.2 The requesting person or organization will abide by any terms and conditions of use directed by the College, including limiting their activities to the particular location assigned for the event by the College. 3.3 The requesting person or organization will comply with the College’s Human Rights Discrimination and Harassment Policy and Student Code of Conduct and Discipline. 3 Use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes 3.4 Facilities Management will consult with Public Safety & Security to determine if security is required. The requesting person or organization may be responsible for costs associated with security in respect of the activities in which they propose to engage. 3.5 Additional reasonable service charges associated with the use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes may be imposed. 3.6 Any scheduled use of College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes is subject to change, relocation, or cancellation without notice. Noise 4.1 Excessive noise that disrupts the activities of others, including campus neighbours, is unacceptable and may result in cancellation of the activity. 4.2 The College retains the right to prohibit the use of loudspeakers, noisemakers, speakers and sound amplification. Privacy 5.1 The College prohibits still and motion photography and videography from third parties on campus property without prior written approval of the College and without obtaining express written releases from all people whose image may be captured. Special Situations The College recognizes that spontaneous Demonstrations or other types of Special Events may arise. The College reserves the right to direct, limit or terminate these gatherings or activities in appropriate circumstances. PROCEDURES See Appendix A. Non-Compliance Implications Any violation of the policy may result in one or more of the following sanctions: • Removal from campus; • Imposition of service charges associated with the violation; and/or • Denial of further permission to use College Facilities for Advocacy Purposes. Where appropriate, violators of this policy may also be subject to penalties under College policies, collective agreements, and under provincial and federal law. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION The request