the individual’s or groups right to freedom of expression no more than is necessary to achieve the objective. The right to free expression applies only to College Facilities which fall within the scope of “public places” where one would expect constitutional protection, based on the historical and actual function of the location. If the location is one where free expression has traditionally occurred, individuals may have a Charter-protected right to express themselves in that location. These areas are sometimes described as “public arenas” or “public forums”, where public meetings/gatherings occur. There are areas of the College that may not attract protection under s. 2(b) of the Charter, including classrooms, offices, libraries, residences, auditoriums, and areas where there is significant movement of people, including busy hallways. Other College objectives may override the requesting party’s rights to exercise his or her freedom of expression at certain locations. (b) Time The decision-maker(s) may consider imposing limits on the timing of any Advocacy. Such a limit on the Advocacy must be tied to a specific College objective and must, if possible, not impair the individual’s or groups right to freedom of expression no more than is necessary to achieve the objective. Considerations may include: 6 • Availability of College security personnel and other safety considerations relating to time of day; • The College’s regular operating hours; • Timing of cleaning and maintenance of College Facilities; • The use of College Facilities by others; and • More generally, weeks of the year when examinations, new-student orientation and college-term start-up are scheduled. (c) Manner The decision-maker(s) may consider imposing limits on the manner of any approved Advocacy. Such a limit on the Advocacy must be tied to a specific College objective and must not, if possible, impair the individual’s or groups right to freedom of expression no more than is necessary to achieve the objective. Considerations may include: • Excessive noise (e.g., use of loudspeakers and amplification devices); • The erection of structures (e.g., tents or other temporary shelters, alteration of College Facilities); • Size of signage (only to the extent that they impact on safety of drivers/passersby); • Other safety concerns (e.g., use of candles or open fires); • Impact on College Facilities (e.g., littering and clean-up); • Potentially charges for security and/or clean up (although it is important that any such charges be linked directly to the activity proposed by the requester(s) rather than any anticipated response to that activity); and • If the conduct of those participating in the Advocacy would interfere with the College’s academic activities. (d) Content Decisions as to whether to approve a form of Advocacy must be made on a content-neutral basis. The types of expression that are not protected by the Charter are those that are prohibited under the Criminal Code or expression that threatens violence. The Criminal Code prohibits, among other things, degrading and dehumanizing pornography and “hate propaganda,” defined as “expression intended or likely to create or circulate extreme feelings of opprobrium and enmity against a racial or religious group”, but does not prohibit the expression of repugnant