Vulnerable Sector Check Policy Vulnerable Sector Policy #: Effective Date: Sept. 17, 2015 Check Reviewed Date: Sept. 16, 2016 Next Review Date: Sept. 16, 2017 Purpose: To provide guidance on how George Brown College School of Early Childhood, Lab School Childcare Centres work to ensure that caregivers have not been convicted of criminal offenses that could call into question the safety of the children or Staff. Applicable Law: ● Child Care and Early Years Act, 2014 (CCEYA) Definitions / Acronyms: For the purposes of this policy, the following definitions / acronyms apply: CCEYA means Child Care and Early Years Act, 2014 GBC Lab Schools means George Brown College , School of Early Childhood, Lab School Childcare Centres Vulnerable Sector Check This process verifies whether an individual has a criminal record, as well as any record suspensions (formerly pardons) for sexual offences and local police records for information relevant to the vulnerable sector check. Caregivers means Staff, volunteers or students holding positions with oversight of children Declaration Form Is the form that is required annually from Staff to re-confirm that their conviction status has not changed. Policy: George Brown College School of Early Childhood is committed to a safe, affordable quality childcare lab school programs. George Brown College will comply with the Child Care and Early Years Act, Ministry 1 Policy: of Community and Social Services, Public Health and policies pertaining to George Brown College approved Human Resources policies that align to the OPSEU Collective Agreements. The ECE Lab Schools are inspected by the Ministry of Education on an ongoing basis and reports are posted. The safety and well-being of the children in the care of School of ECE Lab schools is of primary importance. Thus, it is the policy of George Brown College School of Early Childhood Lab Schools that all Staff, volunteers, and students are required to complete criminal reference checks as outlined by the CCEYA. This includes vulnerable sector screening, which must be updated every five years. This is a new requirement since the Child Care and Early Years Act came into effect on August 31st, 2015. Therefore, Staff with Vulnerable Sector Checks older than five years must apply to obtain a new one within 30 days after the legislation comes into force (i.e. prior to September 30th, 2015). In performing these checks, George Brown College will ensure that applicants for caregivers have not been convicted of criminal offenses that could call into question the safety of the children or Staff. Therefore, GBC School of Early Childhood will not knowingly offer employment or a position at the childcare Lab Schools to any person with a record of criminal convictions) for the following types of offenses: 1. Any sexual offense under the Criminal Code of Canada, committed against a child under 16 years of age, such as incest, sexual touching, corrupting children or any other offenses of a similar nature. 2. Sexual exploitation and prostitution. 3. Sexual assault. 4. Trafficking in, or importing for the purposes of trafficking, a narcotic under the Narcotics Control Act or a controlled or restricted drug