checks, George Brown College will ensure that applicants for caregivers have not been convicted of criminal offenses that could call into question the safety of the children or Staff. Therefore, GBC School of Early Childhood will not knowingly offer employment or a position at the childcare Lab Schools to any person with a record of criminal convictions) for the following types of offenses: 1. Any sexual offense under the Criminal Code of Canada, committed against a child under 16 years of age, such as incest, sexual touching, corrupting children or any other offenses of a similar nature. 2. Sexual exploitation and prostitution. 3. Sexual assault. 4. Trafficking in, or importing for the purposes of trafficking, a narcotic under the Narcotics Control Act or a controlled or restricted drug under the Food and Drug Act. While any of the above convictions absolutely bar employment or a position at Lab Schools, George Brown College does recognize rehabilitation. Therefore, persons with records of criminal convictions for other types of offenses could be hired, or given a position, where there is no appreciable risk to the safety or security of the children, Staff or daycare property. In certain circumstances, new Staff, volunteers or students* can begin working with children before they receive their Vulnerable Sector Check, as long as they apply for it as soon as possible. In these circumstances, an offence declaration form must be filled out by the new Staff, volunteer or student. In addition, they cannot be left alone with the children and therefore a Staff with a valid Vulnerable Sector Check must supervise the new Staff, volunteer, or student until the Manager has received the Vulnerable Sector Check. * Please note: Students who are under the age of 18 do not require a Vulnerable Sector Check; however, they should never be left alone with the children. 2 Roles & Responsibilities: Manager: • The Manager is responsible for ensuring that all new Staff have completed a Vulnerable Sector Check prior to beginning their employment with GBC. • The Manager ensures that all Staff, volunteers and students are aware of the Vulnerable Sector Check policy and are in compliance with it. • The Manager will make decisions regarding cessation of employment or position pending the results from the Vulnerable Sector Check.in consultation with Human Resources Department. • The Manager with guidance from Human Resources is responsible for safeguarding the privacy of the information in the Vulnerable Sector Check, such that it is only shared with people requiring it to make hiring decisions or to help protect the safety of the childcare Staff and students. Staff: • Prospective Staff is responsible for obtaining Vulnerable Sector Checks prior to beginning their employment at GBC Lab Schools. • Current Staff must provide an up-to-date Vulnerable Sector Check and must ensure that they provide one every five years. • In year two, three and four following the original VSC, each person will sign an offence declaration within 15 days of the anniversary date of the previous offense declaration, indicating that they have no convictions under the Criminal Code