2.1 Home Page While many different audiences access the homepage, its primary target audience is prospective students. Others, such as current students, international students and alumni can access relevant content to them through navigation points on the home page or be directed to these pages through a direct url. The home page is critical in setting the tone for the website and the college itself, and must remain targeted, engaging, current and frequently updated. The VP Marketing/SEM is the final decision maker regarding content. 2.2 Program Pages The strictest levels of approvals apply to the program detail pages. A program management tool will allow editing access to approvers at designated stages of the process, and provide visibility of all content to all users throughout the process. All changes will be archived, providing a history and life cycle for each program detail page. A comparison can be pulled at any point to identify changes from the current version to the original document or to another edit stage during the process. 4 Web Governance Policy 2.3 All other pages All other pages on the website require that content be sent to the identified approver/owner for approval, and the Web Publishing Team will upload once content is received from the listed approver/owner, or identified designate. E. PROCEDURE The maintenance of georgebrown.ca is a collaborative effort that crosses various departments of the college. A cross college committee has been established to ensure that web governance policies remain current, communicated and enforced. 1.0 Web Governance Committee 1.1 Sets the overall direction and determines priorities for the website. 1.2 Ensures that future decisions affecting the website are strategically considered and consistent with the College’s goals and branding guidelines. 1.3 Gives direction on the overall look and feel, structure, navigation and taxonomy of the website. 1.4 Ensures that the website meets all legal and regulatory requirements, including AODA compliance. 1.5 Investigates and resolves any non-compliance issues. 1.6 Solicits and evaluates user feedback to continually evolve web design, governance and architecture. 5 Web Governance Policy 1.7 The committee is headed by the VP, Marketing and Strategic Enrollment Management (SEM) and meets on a quarterly basis. Committee members include: • VP Marketing and SEM • Chief Information Officer (CIO) • Marketing and Recruitment Director • Communications Director • Publishing Manager • Webmaster • Director ITS 1.8 Any potential redesign of the website requires the approval of the VP Marketing and SEM. 1.9 Any potential change regarding the Content Management Sustem technology platform requires the joint approval of the VP Marketing and SEM and the CIO. 2.0 Information Technology Services Department 2.1 The IT department is responsible for aligning technology with the strategic objectives of the College. In this capacity, it is responsible for: • Web server maintenance • Monitoring service capacity • Managing system updates • Level three support hosting hardware/software • Web security and stability • Licensing • Registering of domain names • Level 1 and 2 website issues through the Helpdesk • Coordinating the various website stakeholders when unilateral changes need to be discussed (upgrades, etc) • Ensuring CMS/Developer