Director ITS 1.8 Any potential redesign of the website requires the approval of the VP Marketing and SEM. 1.9 Any potential change regarding the Content Management Sustem technology platform requires the joint approval of the VP Marketing and SEM and the CIO. 2.0 Information Technology Services Department 2.1 The IT department is responsible for aligning technology with the strategic objectives of the College. In this capacity, it is responsible for: • Web server maintenance • Monitoring service capacity • Managing system updates • Level three support hosting hardware/software • Web security and stability • Licensing • Registering of domain names • Level 1 and 2 website issues through the Helpdesk • Coordinating the various website stakeholders when unilateral changes need to be discussed (upgrades, etc) • Ensuring CMS/Developer support 3.0 Content Creators 3.1 Create and/or maintain content on georgebrown.ca and other “official” web pages. 3.2 Write copy and select photography or videos for their pages. 3.3 Responsible for reviewing and fact checking the content prior to final approval. 3.4 Ensure that the content is compliant with college style guide, brand standards, photography and web guidelines (See Content Creation, below). 3.5 Adhere to the guidelines and procedures laid out in this policy. 6 Web Governance Policy 4.0 Content Approvers/Owners 4.1 Consist of deans, directors or their appointees and are accountable for the content on the pages of the website under ther jurisdiction, as well as marketing and communications managers. 4.2 Assign content creators within their respective areas. 4.3. Responsible for final review of the website content once it has been approved by the content owner. 4.4 Must provide final approval before the content can be publicly posted. 4.5 Enforce the guidelines and procedures laid out in this policy. 5.0 Web Publishing Team 5.1 Ensure that there is logical and effective navigation throughout the website. 5.2 Implement changes requested by content creators, once approval process is complete. 5.3 Alert IT to issues of stability and functionality that arise, and work with IT on addressing any issues with ongoing testing support. 5.4 Ensure that brand standards are adhered to in order to maintain a consistent look and feel for the GBC brand. 5.5 Provide final technical overview. 5.6 Provide analytics to support and dispute strategic direction. F. NON COMPLIANCE This policy has been sanctioned by the Web Governance Committee to ensure compliance around web content, web development and maintenance. Content uploaded to the website without proper approval may put the College at risk. Any identified content that has not met the standards of this policy will not be posted to the web site or will be removed from the web site if discovered. G. SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION Appendix 1: Table of content creators and content owners/approvers H. RELATED POLICIES Marketing and Communications Policies and Procedures. https://insite/georgebrown.ca/communications/policies/Marcom_Policies_and_Procedures.pdf • B.1 Use of George Brown College Reputation Standards Guide • B.2 Naming protocols • B.3 Logo, Taglines, Names (Wordmarks), Unique Identities • B.4 Photography, video, Film and Other Recordings • E.1 Web scope 7 Web Governance Policy • E.1.4 AODA compliance • E.1.5-1.9 Web linking to/from George Brown College