a constant basis to keep up with user trends, aging hardware and software and new device and platform releases. Ultimately, this policy should result in a continuously more engaging website, providing the best possible experience for all users. 1.0 Content Creation 1.1 Content creators are encouraged to make use of the George Brown College Writing Style Guide to serve as a reference. This will “facilitate clarity and consistency in the college’s written materials” for the web and print. See section H. 2 Web Governance Policy 1.2 One section in the Guide is devoted to “Writing for the Web”. Some of the suggestions include using short sentences and paragraphs, using concise language, making content easy to scan and engaging visitors by knowing your audience and writing appropriately. 1.3 Accuracy is paramount. This is manifest in four ways. • Clarity of language – every effort must be made to remove nuance or reader implication in the writing of web content. • Course or program changes – the information presented to potential or existing students must be consistent with MTCU guidelines and cannot be changed without approvals from the appropriate Dean and Registrar. Specific guidelines are provided each year during the updating of online course and program descriptions. • Leadership claims – any claim to uniqueness, superiority, etc should be avoided in most cases and may only be included if accompanied by empirical supporting data or reputable third party endorsement. • Field Education terminology. There are specific meanings to each commonly used field education term, specifically use of the word ‘co-op’. Please visit the style guide to ensure clarity and compliance with ministry requirements. 2.0 Approval Flow Content will flow from creation through posting on georgebrown.ca through a defined process. Content leads have been identified for the entire George Brown website (Appendix A). For any particular page, there may be any number of content creators or contributors, but there is always one final content approver/owner before the changes are submitted to the Web Publishing Team for uploading. This accountability is critical in order to maintain the integrity and accuracy of the website. The Web Publishing Team is not responsible for approving content, and will only upload submissions to the website if those changes come through the identified process and from recognized content approvers. 3 Web Governance Policy 2.1 Home Page While many different audiences access the homepage, its primary target audience is prospective students. Others, such as current students, international students and alumni can access relevant content to them through navigation points on the home page or be directed to these pages through a direct url. The home page is critical in setting the tone for the website and the college itself, and must remain targeted, engaging, current and frequently updated. The VP Marketing/SEM is the final decision maker regarding content. 2.2 Program Pages The strictest levels of approvals apply to the program detail pages. A program management tool will allow editing access to approvers at designated stages of the process, and provide visibility of all content to all users throughout the process. All changes